I want to play this. But we decided we shouldn't play it because it could get copyright strike and we don't want to get the episode when we don't want anybody to have any sort of way to get it down but it was the episode of you when you're on the view and i think it was 2015 or 2006 like when you were running for president. You sat you got introduced as our friend donald trump whoopi goldberg gives you a big hug and a kiss joy behar gives you a big hug. Barbara walters gives you a big hug they all loved you. They were all talking about how. You might be. You might be conservative in your financial positions but you're very liberal socially they were they were talking about you in such a favorable. The audience was cheer. And then you actually started winning in the polls and then the machine started working towards you. There's probably no one. In history that i've ever seen. That's been attacked the way you've been. And the way they've done it so coordin. And systematically when you see those same people in the past very favorable to you like oprah when you want oprah show choose encouraging you last week i did one of her last shows i think maybe thursday or friday that was a big deal being on oprah's show the last. And i was like one of the last shows in that last that final. And i said boy we've come a long way since since that what was. Well the concept it was really like two different lives you know i had. A very wonderful life but i wanted to do this the apprentice was still going very strong we had 12 seasons. And we had actually. Seasons 12 years old the apprentice when you were running for president. No they had arnold schwarzenegger do it i was involved in that. I want i had enough of it and we did great it was doing great but. They wanted me to stay they all came to see me they. We're going to give you a contract they wanted to extend my contract mark burnett is a great. Then they wanted to extend the contract mark said you're crazy don't run don't. Nobody gives up primetime they said you know it's one of those little things which. Probably. 18 professional people you know mostly politicians. They said who would do this i mean it's a long shot actually the heads of nbc came over. Poltergeist all the top people came over to see me trying to talk me out of it because they wanted to have me extend the apprentice was doing well so it was 14 years we had one two seasons where we had a double which rarely happens it was just a. And i said you know i want to do this what happened is previously. 3 years 4 years before that. They did a paul they had mitt romney and somehow they put me in a. And i blew everybody away i blew him away which isn't that hard frankly but i blew everybody away and i said that's interesting cuz i never really. Give it that much real thought i thought about it but never real thought but i saw these polls were very. And so i was thinking about doing it then but i had a contract with the apprentice plus i was building two big buildings at the time and i wanted to make sure they got finished up properly and it's one of those things. The kids were just sort of getting involved they're very capable kids but they were getting involved early. So i did that i got them done i had some very good success. And i came on and then i thought about it for the next one after the romney disaster. And i ran and i won against hill. There's quite an experience but it was a different life because you're right the view i was on the view many many times. And they love me even if people have criticisms about you people that didn't like you there was always feuds and stuff like that but the reality was. The thing turned on you when they found out you were going to be president it was very coordinated and some people are catching on to that now there's a lot of people that were long-time democrats like elon and bill ackman and all these different very intelligent people yes very supportive what does what i wanted to ask you. What was it. When you actually got in cuz nobody really can prepare you for that when you're running for president you don't really know what it's going to be like when you actually get into office. What was the what did you think it was going to be in office or when i decided to run see when i was in so when i was in and one and was in the white house essentially. Well first of all it was very sur. That should have been surreal when i was laying on the ground i knew exactly what was going on i knew exactly where i was. They were saying you. All over the place because there was so much blood from the ear. I was thinking the other day. When when that happened i really knew where i was i knew exactly what happened i said i wasn't hit any. With. With the presidency. It was a very surreal experience okay and what's day one. Do you know when you get inaugurated that's what happened so i'm driving down pennsylvania avenue i just built a building on pennsylvania the hotel the old post office it was we called it trump national. And we sold it to the waldorf ast. And it was a wonderful thing but i'm driving down i'm passing the. You've never seen so many motorcycles police military. You know it was a major thing i got. Really the first time i used air force one land. And we're coming down and they were it was very i mean it was incredible. And we're going down pennsylvania avenue in the opposite direction you know normally used to going one way and all of a sudden you're going the other. The street was load. And i wanted to go. And i wanted to wave to everybody but that wasn't. You know the kids a little bit dangerous right i mean when you watch like kennedy and some other. But i really felt i don't know the love was so crazy and. I did get out of the car for a brief you know just for a very short walk i thought it was very important to do and melania got out with a beautiful dress on that be. Sort of a staple it was people loved it. Baron. Walking down the. But where it really. Amazing we get to the white house and now it's a little bit a little bit before dark beautiful. And we went up to the. President's quarters they come the presidential quart. And i'm standing. It is beautiful hallway. You're not funny nobody ever talks about the white house is being beautiful inside you know you think it's going to be everything's going to be all metal doors and stuff it's. It's so beautiful i made my money largely on lux. The hallway is like 25 ft wide the ceiling heights area it's so beautiful. But i was standing there. And i said to the guys i want to see the lincoln bedroom i had never seen the lincoln bedroom i've heard about the lincoln. And i was standing with my. I said do you believe this is the lincoln. It. This episode of the joe rogan experience is brought to you by call of duty you know when a new call of duty drops everyone's trying to find a way to squeeze in those extra hours of gameplay i get it life is busy but sometimes you just hey joe it's the replacer ya know you hey i'm going to take it from here so you can enjoy some call of duty black ops 6 great now listen up. Robin hood is introducing forecast contract so you can trade the presidential election through robinhood you can now trade financial derivatives contracts on who will win the us presidential election harris or trump and watch his contract prices react to real-time market cent. Each contract you own will pay $1 on january 8th 2025 if that candidate is confirmed as the next us president by congress learn more about the presidential election contracts on robinhood at robinhood.com election the risk of loss in trading commodities interest can be substantial you should therefore carefully consider whether such trading is suitable for you in light of your financial condition. Restrictions in eligibility requirements apply commodity interest rate is not appropriate for everyone displayed prices are based on real-time market sentiment this event contract is offered by robin hood derivatives a registered futures commission merchants and swap firm exchange and regulatory fees apply learn more at robinhood.com election this episode is brought to you by paramount network sunday november 10th is the epic return of yellowstone and it's only on paramount network what will become of the dutton family can they say the yellowstone ranch how far will beth and rip go to protect the family legacy generations of blood have led to this and nothing will prepare you for this event the epic return of yellowstone sunday november 10th at 8:00 central on paramount network. It's like if you love the country but. The lincoln. He was 6 ft 6 which then would be like. Lake barron would you like barron trump. 6 ft 60 was very tall then on top of that he worked period. And because very you know people were shorter than you see some of the chairs are very very low to the ground actually. But he had a long. And they had you had the gettysburg address right on that right under that you can't see it here but right there the original version of the gettysburg address. And this is the original. Looking and i just looked around i said do you believe. I was never apologize so even if you were a politician but i was never a politician it just i sort of just started right right all of a sudden i'm standing other. And it was a very very surreal that room was so beautiful to me much more beautiful than it actually is you know to me when i looked at the. And the bed you can see it was a little bit longer had to be a little bit longer. He lost his son and they suffered the two of them suffered from melancholia they didn't call it dep. They called it melancholia and they suffered from. He was a very depressed guy and she was. I'm very depressed woman more so than. And on top of that they lost their. Whose name was. And it was. Just seeing it in the little pictures a little tiny picture i mean you can't see the details their little tiny everything the. A little tiny picture of. Who he. And he was you know he was. And he was having a hard time because he couldn't beat robert e lee robert e lee won like 13 in. And he was getting like a phobia like a fighter you know a lot about the. I went to a ufc. And it was a champion who was 14 and 1 about a year ago you would know the. 14 + 1 and the only guy who lost to was this one guy. But the guy that he was fighting was. Almost just an average fighter lost numerous times when he beat this one. So i said okay i really don't know who you're talking about i will figure it out but about a year ago but the point is that he lost he wasn't nearly the fighters. The one who was not nearly the fighter had beaten he's the only guy that beat the champ like 5 years before. And i said i'll take the guy that won the other. Lincoln had a i don't know i've never read this i heard it from. People in the white. Who really understand what was going on. With the whole life of the. Put lincoln. The yips about in a way as the golfers would say he had a phobia about robert e lee said i can't beat robert because robert e lee won many battles in a row he was just beating the hell out of you know they tried to get robert e lee to be on the north but he said. No i have to be with my state you know. What's this whole thing and he went to. And he was i've had generals tell me we have some great generals the real general is not the ones you see on television the ones that beat isis with me. We defeated isis in record time it was supposed to take. Years and we did it in a matter of. Is a great general he's a tough guy season not work. But their favorite general. In terms of genius was robert. He took a war that should have been over. A few days and it was. Years of. A vicious. So here i am standing there. Add again i never really done this before you know i ran i ran a number of months before. I want i probably. I guess if you figured max it out it would be. A year something like that so i had never run for office. And i did well i mean i wanted to debate with 18 people including me and. Slowly but surely they started to disappear we had debates good. What i want to get to is like what was the experience once you got inside what did you think it was going to be like in terms of like your ability to govern like this is your first experience governing anything you never been a government business but now all the sudden weather inside the white house. It was a surreal experience. And then. With. That wears off with time it becomes you know your place where you stay and i was doing a lot of i was i had two. Did i really focused on governing the country and. Survival. Because from the moment i. Before i got to office all of a sudden. They came down to me nobody has ever been treated that. And and you see that i mean you see we're in the washington post very early on they said well now the impeachment stuff starts and it did i mean it literally started from the. So i had survival and run the nation i had a combination most people don't have the survival they get. What did you expect though in terms of like once you got inside you had a point all these people how many appointments do you have to make when you have sex 10,000 appointments now they're different you have big ones and then they are 100 people and 200 people. Put the president really is involved with approximately 10,000 appointments so you'll appoint a secretary of state and he will he or she will appoint a lot of people so it's a lot but in terms of major ones you probably have like a hundred but they're big. Treasury. Military and how did you know who to. Well i didn't i had did so are you at 17 times in washington. And i never stayed over according to the press which i think is probably right over the years. I was only there 17 times i never stayed. Set an. This place is gorgeous but you know i don't know anybody it's like you you know you go to certain areas and other areas they may be great washington was great washington. Not so great right now they're going to we got to fix it we got to make it better. Is it very dangerous place very badly maintained place we're going to make it. We're going to make it better we're going to bring it. I wasn't watching a guy was a new york. I was a new york builder and i built buildings in new york and i knew that whole world but i didn't know the washington world too. And all of a sudden you're supposed to be appointing to people so what did you think it was going to be like versus like did you have any ideas of what it was going to be like and what was. Well i was always involved in politics but usually from the standpoint of of a donor you know there's a big donor i gave money to politicians i enjoy. I actually pictures of ronald reagan and me when i was very young to like what. I could get you the exact. But the the early 90. The early nineties i switched over eventually. They had a reform party i was thinking about doing that for a little while but then fortunately i didn't because. It's very hard you know it's a two-party. And anytime you hear third party i know you like rfk jr and so do i he's a fantastic independent was nonsense it doesn't work it doesn't work because even if you do. You're not going to get congress you need now to say okay now i'll get half of congress and never going to vote. And i know how you feel about bobby and i feel the same way and he's now with us but it it doesn't it's pure and simple it's a two-party system and somebody i won't mention his name but somebody spent $250 million dollars trying to get the nomination as a reform party candidate or whatever and they got just. So it was it was really somebody that not only was new to washington but was new to. The office of the. Over the years. Presidents you've had 92% were politicians and 8% were generals general eisenhower general washington right general george washington yeah. So it's 8% you are no admirals 8%. And 92 percent politicians you know the politicians and. So they never had a business guy or they never had a guy that wasn't elected to an office. They were all like ronald reagan was really he was a movie actor and then but he became the governor of california. I think two terms and then he. So you never had a thing like this. But i you know in terms of me and sometimes i use it as an excuse. And i don't like having excuses actually but i use it as an exc. I had to rely on people. I respect it or like but that i didn't know that well because i didn't know them that. Some of those people like campaigned against cuz you know when you have 18 people we had mostly politicians running. In the election you know running in the primm. And they got knocked out one by one but i got to like some of them some of them i didn't like at all and i don't like them now. And i rely on them and i'd rely on other people so all of a sudden people would come in i'd like to recommend so-and-so to be secretary of. And i have three four people recommend one thing i can tell you everybody wants the position of course. A lot of people don't want to work with trump because trump is tough to work with etc. Everybody wants to be any one of these positions they die for it now they don't want to be known i mean it is a particular guy. New york primarily very big very big very successful very. Very strong very political although he's not a politician. He'd give anything to be secretary of state but if they ask him no i don't think i would do it but in the meantime. But it's very dangerous to pick somebody outside of a politician because a politicians been basically vetted for years you pick a business guy. And they've never been vetted at all in there and you know the head of a big company or something but they've never been. You know nothing about his personal life you know nothing about where. When you put them in it's a little bit dangerous because. All of a sudden they get checked up and you hear things that you're saying wow this is not going to work out too. So it's very dangerous. Picking people that are outside of politics is somewhat dangerous so you're kind of stuck in a position we have to pick established people and then the problem with established people is established people already indoctrinated into the system. The surv. I find that you know what do you mean by steps when you say stuff they don't they don't have nothing they have nothing or. They're smart and survivor one one little thing so there was a congressman years before. And i was very close. And i needed a license on something and he was very important in getting a license but it was a little bit controversial. The license to this particular thing that was being. But i was close to. And help them and everything else and i went to him i said i'd like to have you. And he said. Let me take a look at it i said oh that's not. But i really hope you're going to have it anyway he tapped me along for a long period of time and ultimately didn't do it and i said you are a stiff you could have done this thing so easy etc but it was controversial. He was in congress for many years like 28 years. And you know there's a reason when somebody's there for 28 years you got to be so smart you have a scandal. And i realize he was a. Until they never do anything controversial they never take any chances or speak their opinion that's outside. 28 years. And he made it through a lot of people don't make it through it's a good way for non exceptional people to survive yeah it certainly is so you're you're in there you have 10,000 appointments you have to make. So you're getting advice from people and it at one point did you have a moment in time where you realize like these are bad choices like some of these people i shouldn't have had in there oh yeah i think. So the one question that you asked me that i think you asked me that people seem to ask. I always come up with the same answer. The one mistake cuz i had a lot of success great economy great everything was great. Did the military rebuilt the biggest tax cuts in history. We had a great presidency. What's 34 justices most people get none you know you pick them. You know even if a president is there for 8 years oftentimes they never have a chance i had three it was sort of the luck of the. But i will say that. It always comes back to the same answer. What's the biggest mistake i made was i pick some people i picked some great people you know. You don't think about that. I pick some people that. You shouldn't have picked i picked a few people. That i shouldn't have picked and any. A little bit today. A guy like kelly who is a bully a bully but a weak person you know you know more about bullies than anybody probably around cuz you're dealing with a certain sport where the bullies are exposed very quickly but you know. He's bad bolton was an idiot but he was great for me because i'd go in with a guy like a john bolton you know john bolton a friend of mine. Call me up i was picking walton is a very smart guy his name is phil ruffin he's a very rich guy from las vegas one of the he's a great card player he doesn't play cards but she's a great one you know she's just a natural. Add phil ruffin is is a very very wise kind of a guy. Add very one of the richest people around. That has a great success and understands people. It was in that i was picking bolton or a pitbull and they called up he said don't pick. What is a bad guy or what no he wasn't in politics at all. Various. He's a bad guy he's just it always works out bad with that. I wish you told me this 2 weeks ago i already hired him you know he's. And and he was right. He was good in a certain way he's a nut. And every time i had to deal with. When they. Standing behind me this at all. Trump's going to go to war with us he was with bush when they went stupidly into the middle. They should have never done it i used to say it is a civ. So i always got more publicity than other people and i didn't it wasn't like i was trying in. I don't know exactly why maybe you can tell me what. Can you set a lot of wild. This bullshit pre-prepared politician lingo and even if they didn't agree with you they at least knew whoever that guy is that's him that's really him when you see certain people talk certain people in the public. You don't know who they are you have no idea who they are it's very difficult to see them in conversations they have these pre-planned answers they say everything it's very rehearsed you never get to the meat. What were the one of the beautiful things about you is that you free ball like you get out and you do these huge events and you're just talking and you're making we've highlighted you on the show many times for you when you did this biden impression he's walking around he doesn't know what he's doing today. But it's like you and you're making fun of elon what time do it in elon and preston's. You have like comedic. You'd be in jail like that's great timing but it's like that kind of stuff was unheard of as a politician like no one had done that. And i think that's funny. At least the attitude of a comedian when you're doing this business. And they brush those out of the news like it was nothing to talk about it if there was a assassination attempts on biden how hard people would be attacking the right how they would be trying to get guns taken away from people they would try to ramp up gun laws they would try to figure out some way to blame you if there was a tax on if biden got shot in the year we would have never heard the end of it but i think he's in good shape because it's only consequential presidents if you take a look at what's happened. I'm for having countries pay us billions and billions and trillions even dollars i took in hundreds of billions of dollars from china nobody took in 10. I do things that make. I mean that don't necessarily make me so popular i just do what's. And when you do that you know you're more. We would have never had the attack on israel at all iran was broke i told china if you buy you can't do business in the united states under any. We're going to go cold turkey with china some people think that would have been a good idea anyway but. If you buy any oil one barrel of oil from them you're not doing business i said that to many countries. Iran was broke they had no money for hezbollah that no money for hamas. I make myself. You know i mean i understand what i'm doing you make yourself. And it's a very dangerous business but if you just look at statistically. So i said i said something i don't know if it's right but one tenth of 1% for a race car driver that's pretty dangerous business write 1/10 of 1%. You see it in slow motion where the foot is like. An inch away from the head of it hits him the guy's gone but they die you know they die so 1/10 of 1% die yeah 1/10 of 1% die and they certainly get hurt badly i mean they can't walk after a certain period of time. With the. If you look. No it's a very dangerous position i never thought of that by the way when i did it and you know you don't you don't tend to that i just assumed because people love you on the apprentice they were going to love you as a president with hitler i mean even today like. Things. But they don't even have to take them out they make them up entirely ok google i was very popular. And and all those people love me i mean this. Some of these these robinhood is introducing forecast contract so you can trade the presidential election through robinhood you can now trade financial derivatives contracts on who will win the us presidential election harris or trump and watch his contract prices react to real-time market cent. Each contract you own will pay $1 on january 8th 2025 if that candidate is confirmed as the next us president by congress learn more about the presidential election contracts on robinhood at robinhood.com election the risk of loss in trading commodities interest can be substantial you should therefore carefully consider whether such trading is suitable for you in light of your financial condition. Restrictions in eligibility requirements apply commodity interest rate is not appropriate for everyone displayed prices are based on real-time market sentiment this event contract is offered by robin hood derivatives a registered futures commission merchants and swap firm exchange and regulatory fees apply learn more at robinhood.com / election. Are there so. And. She would every time she'd see me like i'd. The theater or something you have to be on the show again come on come on let's go we have to love me that episode where people should watch that episode just to see what we're talking about like i said we don't want to get a copyright strike so we're not going to put it up but if you watch the episode it's bananas it's like an alternative universe and it's only but behind you gives you a hug and a kiss. She writes me a letter you're the greatest president she leaves you know she worked as like an assistant press secretary i hardly. But she leaves and she writes me this gorgeous. What's your name she. System in the far right hand side whatever the hell the name is and. And she writes a letter the most beautiful letter she's quoted in. He's a consequential he was the greatest president. Then all of a sudden she goes into you she start hitting the. Because they won't hire unless i've had many people go on cnn and they call it said i don't know what to do. They want to pay me a lot but i have to be negative and you should be negative that's okay there are guys on like cn. They won't hire. Shaun. Is it in a congressman. Retired you got a good job with cnn but he was only positive about. So they kept. But they would never put him. I mean i respect what he did he could have gone you know negative i tell people. Go negative let my friends make the money they're diminishing themselves they are killing all their credibility and it's opening up the credibility to new media it's open up the credibility to independent media. I've been a part of it i've been i've seen. Kamala goes on 60. Gave an answer that a child wouldn't give it was so bad. In 60 minutes. Took the answer out they took the. They took the what was an editing it was fraud it was not editing you know editing is. I'll give an answer and it'll take a couple of words and change around or they might even take a sentence or two off which is very bad but. Which was a very good answer i always talk about you know. I like to give long the weave do you like to leave and you have to be very smart to do with when you do the weave look at this just in this one thing we're talking about a little pieces on here but it always ends up no no it comes back home for the right people in the wilderness right but. But they. My answer and you know what they may take a little piece of it. And they use the term yes we want to save time well it's not. I've never heard. I think it's the biggest scandal on broadcast history what happened to c. So you have cbs 60 minutes that's a news program it's not an entertainment program it's under the news it's the head of their. She gives an answer that. That shows that she's essentially inncom. And they took the answer could you imagine them doing that we can show it if you want people to see it we get in trouble we'll get copyright. Interesting was the other full version was available initially it was like a preview made a big mistake somebody put that preview on and then the bosses exactly and then it got cut by mistake. This is election interference and. And it's 60 minutes it's their news division. They should pay a fortune they're worth. They give them out for free because they're using the public. With cable you don't have that cable. It's just a different. But with the networks they give those lights they're worth billions of dollars to give me a free but you have to be honest. That was bad i think that david muir and that woman that was a side i never even heard of it but they kept interrupting me it was like i said how many people on my debating here i got this one and i got you. But he went after me 11 different times you know it's interesting. I always thought it was a nice guy but he's just like the rest of them you know well that's his job unfortunately and i'm sure that they want well the problem was that was when she said that there is there are no troops right now deployed in war zones there's a very famous viral video that went online of troops in a war zone saying well what the fuck are we. Because there's thousands of them dan crenshaw the congressman posted on his instagram all of the various examples of troops that are deployed thousands and thousands of troops that are currently is if this is going to be an actual real debate and not a propaganda exercise it's going to be a real debate you have to fact check everybody. It's either it. Not true it was a lie on purpose which is terrible or it was the opposite it was ignorance which is also terrible when i said crime is soaring. He said no no crime has gone down. I said where did you hear that one crime has gone down i mean i'm debating with this. There was amended fbi statistics that came out after that that showed the crime had gone up substantially by the way the statistics were. Because when they put out the statistics they didn't include some of the worst places they didn't include some of the worst cities some of the most deadly places. Way. Because people have lost the morale that the police department has in a lot of these cities where they've done is defund the police bulshit these these four cops it's fucking horrible it's the dumbest idea of all the time but what they've done is they've they've made these cops feel terrible like good cops i think cops are just like everybody else most of them are. It's like everybody else but if you run into one carpenter and he does a shity job in your house he said carpenter's fucking suck but they don't. Most of them are great and then. They they did all of these things in this very foolish way and these cops are suffering the consequences of it and so subsequently what happens is a lot of crime is unreported a lot of crime. Can you call the cops they're too busy they can't even get you or your house got broken into sorry you know it doesn't even make a report there's a lot of people that they just give up. It's so sad what's happened and i'll tell you what. I. Police. And we went to one in long island i visited the family in long island the very big deal. It's so dangerous people. Play dark. Is a gentleman please pull over door open sky comes out. Even if they were allowed to pull out the gun which they're not they can't do in time they open the door. And he was killed and his partner. I mean you don't even have an eighth of a second to. And it is such a dangerous job that in particular think of it you go up to a car you don't know who's sitting there with a gun and if they have a gun you really don't have a chance you're not allowed to have your gun out by the way you have a very strict. But even if you could have your gun. The door opens in bullets start firing out and especially where they have the dark windows where they have the darkened. It is such a dangerous profession. Because they're not giving any. And. You can you know they have like an eighth of a second to make a decision that's going to change their. If they make the wrong decision they going to end up on the front page of every newspaper in the country. And they're going to lose their house and their pension and their job and their wife is going to be gone and everything happens and there's nothing that people don't talk about how many of them have pts. We just have to give her back you said it's so good you never hear anybody say. You're never going to have it perfect you're going to have a bad apple in everything and every profession but every time there's a bad apple that gets massive publicity and. Defund the police get rid of the police you know even comma harris was a part of. You should have some something that helps mitigate this ptsd to all of them suffer through she was a big part of to find the place that was a big thing for her to find the place always to fund the. What was the political idea anybody with that political thought i don't think she should be running for president and i think people are getting wise. You know we're doing pretty well now i don't know maybe in a week from now say sorry about that i was wrong but we're leaving everything. And i think we're going to have a very good election but i tell people because people are starting to get to. But she was defund the police she was the oldest transgender operations you know if you wanted a sex change and you were in detention and you demanded a sex. They would give you a sex change will the wildest one is this idea of giving free sex change to illegal immigrants. In debt. So think. Change 15 pollock in fact i'm going to send her a mega cab she's still your idea about no tax for tips. I came up with this idea but honestly nobody ever heard. But now we have a lot of good issues you know we had the other day i think of how simple some of these. We're trying to get cars built in the united states detroit has been really tough it's been a disaster. They have a huge factor a huge car auto plant being built by china in mexico make car sell them in the united states put everybody out of business right here we. I said. What plant is there when i'm president i will. 100 or 200% tariffs on every car they'll be unsalable in the united states. And they just announced they're not going to build the plan because they think i'm going to win think of it they're not going to build. This was the biggest plant in the world. It would have more than all of michigan makes that's how big you know this is. We. If that plan goes up i want them to understand if i win. I'm going to text those cars at the rate of 100 or 200% a piece so that you won't be able to sell them in the united states they just announced they're not going to build a plan i did a big favor. 4-hour country by doing that and i'm not even there yet. To me the most beautiful word i've said this for the last couple of. In the dictionary today. Is the. What's more beautiful than love more beautiful. It's the most beautiful word. This country can become rich. With the use the proper use of tariffs it'll teach you just float out the idea of getting rid of income taxes and replacing it with tariffs about that because our country was the richest in the relatively in the 1880s and 1890s. A president who was assassinated named mckinn. Who was the tariff king he spoke beautifully of terraces. Language was really beautiful. We will not allow. The enemy to come in and take our jobs and take. Factories and take our workers and take our. Unless they pay a big price and the big price is tar. And you speak like that but he was right. And then around in the early 1900s they switched over stupidly to frankly an income. And you know why because countries were putting a lot of pressure in america we don't want to pay tariffs please don't you know. Believe me they control our politicians. If you look at the kind of numbers that these guys. Then. We had a commission meeting in the. I think it was 1887 think of this problem. We were so rich we had so much money we didn't know what to do so they set up a blue rib. Commission on tar. In the sole purpose is what to do with all the money we. We were so. Because we were taxing other people for coming in and taking our. If you want to open a factory and. Because if you build a factory or have a factory they don't take our cars they wouldn't take our cars but if you. A plant in china. You can do that elon did that by the way elon is great that guy is such a great guy i think you're a fan of. He is from a different planet he's the greatest guy that rocket coming in i told the story once. So you may have heard it cuz these speeches have been good did you see the one last night 29,000 people that was a and the one the night before was the same thing we are we are rocking and roll. But elon i'm talking to this very important guy. I said wait a minute i'm looking at something the television is on mut. Can i see this rock. Brown from the heat you know 10,000 degrees pouring down at thousands of miles. And i see this thing and it's like a 20 story building and it catches and i say to this guy's an important guy. Let me just put you to hold i got to see this. And i see this and it's going to crash i said it's going to crash into the gantry they call it. Oh man that's going to be a disaster because it's starting to get. And then all of a sudden you see the flames and a bottle of. Any boom and then you see the two arms. And i said who else can do that he said nobody rush you can't do it the united states nobody can do it. You know i set up space force that was me and that's the first time in 82 years that we opened another branch since the air force. And that's going to be one of our most important things but think of what elan does and he did one other thing that i never heard of it it's. I went down to north carolina georgia the different places right now i followed it right. And they had no communication the polls were all knocked down. And one of the guys in north carolina said could you. Do me a favor do you know elon musk is he endorsed me by the way he gave me the nicest endorsement to the the tough he said the country is going to fail you should do the same thing. Because you cannot be voting for. I've watched you i know him better than his you know what without speaking to you i think i know you may be almost as well as your. I have watched you for so many years you're not a camel a person. You're a khabib person but you're not a common person nobody's going to know who could be. Could you get him but we need starlink can. Elan he got it for him so fast save so many lives. And i said how was it they said better than the wires you know they couldn't put them in they were all they. We're. A trillion dollar. To get cables all over the country. Up to upstate are. Will you have like two farms and they're spending millions of dollars to have a talk about this for a million dollars that was wasted on this internet access program the united states they didn't get any money they haven't hooked up to. With that kind of money for almost nothing for a monthly charge it would have been incredible internet everywhere you want to go and he wanted to do that and he wanted to do the chargers stations. In the. Midwest they built eight. Because. Billion dollars that's like a gas pump. They built 9 gas pumps except electricity comes. They spent $9 billion dollars three of them don't work the whole thing is so much waste i could i could sit here and tell you about things. There's so much. Abuse and fraud this yeah i'm sure i mean i think everybody is aware of that let's get back to town when you're talking about one of the criticisms of your administration was with tax cuts and with tariffs you increase the deaf. Was the what was the strategy behind that and did you think it was going to increase the deficit by substantial amount we were ready to. It was all you know i had a bad system. Horrible tax policy i made it. With a much lower tax rate so i took it from almost 40% down to 21%. Now i'm bringing from 21 down to 15 but only if you make your. In the united states. People call me this is what a great idea and nobody ever heard of that before i don't care if they make the product in japan why should i. So it's a 21. At. In the first year. We took in much more revenue than we did it almost 40 think of. It inspired now we had other things too we were able to get people to bring back their money you couldn't you couldn't bring back your money if you had money. Europe like. Applehead many billions of dollars outside they couldn't bring it there was no way to bring it back. The bureaucracy the documents the whole thing and also the tax was too high you know they wanted like half of it or something nobody's going to do that so they they leave their money. In japan and they spend their money there. That was part of what i did. The money came pouring back in apple took in hundreds of billions of dollars they brought it back from overseas they brought it in so how does the deficit increase because of that so what happened is. We were ready to rock and roll and then we had the co. And we had to focus on. If we didn't give some businesses ahead they would have all you would have had a depression like in 1929. But we were ready to start we were going to we would have very shortly been paying off. Anyway of 35 trillion dollars. And i'll never forget it we were it was talking about from you know the standpoint of being in. I'm in the oval office and i have john mclaughlin and fabrizio the two very good pulses probably i don't know i would say the two best. But very good. And we're starting to think about running for a second. We had the greatest economy. In history never has there been an economy and you attribute that to a lot of things and also i cut regulations more than anybody else. And if i asked many of the businessmen you know from the big companies you know the guys running the big companies. So if you had your choice you've had it now for a long time. What's more important to. Tax cuts you paid less tax or the regulation. Every one of them said the regulation cuts meant. Who would think that. Cuz you don't acquainted to dollars but it actually is more. We had it going and then we just had to focus on something else but it was so you know these two these two posters. We're sitting there and they. If george washington. Add abraham lincoln was his v. Is it supposed to waltz how bad is he by the way. But if abraham lincoln was his v. They couldn't beat. And i never forget it the following day. They said something's happening in china. Could we. I said what's happening. People are. And it was all around the wuhan lab. Is there a pictures. Little. The body. All. 2000. So we got hit with that and despite that we had the best economy and when i gave it over. The stock market was higher than it was pre covid i mean nobody could even believe. But we saved it. We were helping businesses they were dying you know so it's your belief that if you had a second term given the policies in place the way the economy was booming that you would have been able to pay off a lot of the debt and that was the straight. We would have been paying off that and we would have. And don't forget by growth the word growth is actually more important in a way because you could have the same debt but if you double your growth all of a sudden you're under. But still we should pay off that you know if you viewed this. 35 trillion dollars right now. But if you look at the asset value if you looked at a purely as an acid. We have. Oil underground we have water we have mountains we have the i mean the assets are so enorm. But regardless of that. You've got 35 trillion in debt we should pay it. And we would have started paying off debt and probably even giving further given further. Tax reductions i want to get it down to 15%. We're going to do more business. But when you get hit with a covid everything stops and you have to keep these businesses alive the businesses were. Are there influences outside of environmental that keep people from wanting to drill for oil and frac and do those sort of things outside of the environmental concerns which are legitimate of course but what are there other influences that may be. Over accentuate or over exaggerate these environmental effects are people being influenced in a way where they're trying to keep us from producing american oil yeah. The environmental is the biggest tool for stopping growth the biggest. The other is regul. And if you speak to elon he said the regulation now to send a rocket up to anywhere even if you do everything it's it's almost. It's becoming. But they use environmental in order to get people. Not to do anything. And sometimes i say. You know i look at some of the i know the environmental so better because i had to build buildings in new york i had a i had to do environmental impact. And i would see some of these guys that i'd hire for a lot of money environmentalists that would get you through the process. And there be up in albany that's the capital of new york and up there trying to make it. For guys like. That. Because they get paid more money in other. I had one guy. I highly recommend it all you know i was good at getting permits i was one of the kings of i was always very good. But the environmental stuff was always hor. They could slow a project down 10 years 15 years i had a project in louisiana build big lng. It was for 14 years it was going to cost 18 million 18 billion dollars one of the biggest and like the empire state building laying down on the side times. And the coast on the gulf. They had environmental. Permits that would fill this whole room up to the ceiling. And they said there was one mistake on one little line they wanted to do it all over again it's not going to happen. Instant. How do they do that how do they make it let's say new york they go to albany and they convince people that if you have a certain type of plant on the ground that's this big. In theory valueless that is a rare. And you cannot even touch it. Go near it you can't put a building on it you can't do anything. Or there's a little. And they. And you have to go by the standards of a lake i said no no that's a puddle oh you have no idea. Guys are feeling a little puddles you have no idea what they do but they use it as a way to stop you the easiest way to stop you and also is the way to generate money that way though and pay these people rely on them as experts because they're the people that they go to when they have to run these studies in the first place. Yeah i think they may be had more they didn't have as much with me because i. Get through them and i understood. I've had i've done so many they call environmental impact study i did so much to build a building to build a building in new york is very tough you got to be very you got to deal with. Union. All the municipal stuff environment. Of all of it to me the toughest thing was the environment. Because they could stop you cold with the environmental impact study stuff. Can you do you hire a so-called expert do they say sure he's the one guy he can get you through the maracas of morass it's. They use it as a weapon they use it all over the country but there are legitimate concerns about environmental impact like look at the bp oil spill there's a lot of things that do happen that are environmentally devastating and you want to mitigate that as much as possible and the cleanest water i view it differently i say are. And water remember. It costs much more to do things. Environmentally plain china doesn't do anything. When carrie goes to. President xia china. What she probably doesn't even get to. But they look at them oh yes yes we will do oh yes yes we're going to do that no more call no more call just and then they approve 58 call plans for the next you know every they build a coal plant. But in 3.8 days. That stuff floating over china is right over the top of us same thing with the. They. The garbage into the pacific. If you take a little cork and put it. In about a week and a half it'll be in front of los angeles. We're picking up that gar. So nobody ever talks about that. But in a way the bigger one is. The air is the current it's an amazing thing it's. Flowing that way for a million years long before we were before the whole world. Wake me sahara dust clouds over here absolutely we got clouds in austin from the sahara. We get the china. Is there better and there is dirty you know when i went there. I had a great relationship with president she we got along. And they treated me better than anybody's ever been treated same thing with saudi arabia number of them. Do you know they closed every factory one week before i got there from within 200 miles that's like what gavin newsom did when g jinping came to san francisco and the day he left. But in a way that was a bad thing that he did because. Show me what a disgrace that was what did well this is the thing that like shows you how foolish a lot of these people that are running these cities think a lot of people that are running these states think it's it's foolish like you you're insulting the intelligence of the people that live in that city that are impacted by. These people just camping and needles and human feces there's an app that you can buy there's an app that you can get rather that will show you where the human feces has been documented in san francisco it's a poo. Let me give you one. You may not know which i think you know everything actually as a student as a student of yours but. Los angeles. Get proper amounts of water and it's unbelievably expensive and you might have a house in beverly. And they're actually thinking about rationing water can you. And i was in i was in the farm court country with some of the congressmen we're driving up. And i say how come all this land is. It's farmland and it looked terrible it was just brown. I said but there's always that little corner. That's so green and beautiful. I said do you have a drought no i don't have a drought i said why don't you have no water because the water isn't allowed to slow down it's got a natural flow from canada all the way up north this morning more water than they could ever. And in order to protect a tiny little fish. The water. Get crowded into the pacific ocean millions and millions of gallons of water get. You got to see this we're driving up and i had never seen it before. It's the most it's like iowa is the most fertile land i was blessed with great. Idaho for a potato right but these they're just. You know some land is good for a potato some land is good for corners the craziest thing i love the farmers are great they are the greatest and by the way they're getting killed right now they're getting killed because of the stupid administration. So i see this and i said you got to. I said you mean you have water and i looked at it it's like a valve in your sink except it's massive the things five times taller than your ceiling did you know the center of california was a giant. How long ago did they do that. The center of california had a fucking enormous lake in the middle of california they dumped it into the pacific who knows what they did but whatever foolishness that they did led to the situation they're in now think of those dry forests that burned down all over you know the head of austria said yes. It's a freshwater lake in the southern san joaquin valley united states historically. Tulare lake was one of the largest freshwater lakes west of mississippi show a photo of what it look like back then. That's so that's what it looked like look at that image another one go to the one in the third from the right yeah. That was an enormous lake in the middle of california. Yeah they. 1983 oh my. All of the warriors. All of that land would have more water the whole thing could be like that little pet shop literally i'd say i was with devin known as a congressman and other congressman we were going up i was visiting that because. They asked me to go up and visit their territory. It's so. So i looked into. What is the thing i got it done i got it done i could have water. All of. Water for your forest you know you're far so dry as a bone okay you know you could have everything not only danger. Billions of dollars a year they spend. Play forest fires and you know there's a case with the. They're not allowed to rake there for us because. You're not allowed to touch it when a tree falls down after 18 months it becomes very dry it's like you know like real firewood. You know a tree that's up these are all things. Learn the hard way the. But when a tree is up it sucks water it's. I went to that the car they had a couple of horrible forest fires in california and i went i said you know you got a lot of trees standing yes they were healthy tre. I said with his intense. A little bit on the bottom but they were going to be all right because they're soaking wet cuz they suck up the water. But when they fall they're like you know it's like lighting a match and you got to be able to clean do they call maintain your forest service with the head of aust. He said you know it's a shame i see all those forest fires in california. And all they have to do is clean the forest. Rake it up get rid of the leaves get rid of you know leaves that are sitting there for 5 years and then certainly get rid of the dead fall and get rid of the trees that have fallen. So many things this country by the way i had it i don't think you could rake the whole forest i think you get rid of the deadfall but raking all the leaves. But in the meantime this is exactly but you could have. It was the department of commerce that needed the approvals but gavin newsom had. I got it all done nobody could believe it it was all done. I said i. You got so much water. All you have to do is. And that guy didn't want. Did he not want to sign because that would be a political victory for you i think no he didn't know i don't think so you know. He. He's a great president that we got along we did we actually got along at that point. But i think somebody said you just can't continue to call him a great president you know they they do say. But we had it all done he didn't sign and then we got onto other things. Every time i go to california you have so much water. They don't. I'm telling you people living in beverly hills they turn off the water same thing with the electric they want to go to all electric cars but they have brown eyes every weekend you know well right after they made the announcement that as of 2035 you're not going to be able to buy an internal combustion engine in california like within a month. They had some announcement asking people to not charge their. Let me ask about. One of the things that when i've talked to people that have a real understanding of nuclear power what their position is it's probably the cleanest safest form of electricity that we can. The fears of nuclear power are really about a few disasters the fukushima three mile island. These are old systems and that they're much more capable now and they're capable of making even better. But it's a difficult political issue because you think. Nuclear power you think chernobyl that's what everybody does they have this connection they have the potential disaster what you're not supposed to enter the land for 3,000 years or something else i think it's worse than that i think that area is. Going to be radioactive for probably longer than you can imagine. The point is they're better at it now and that they could do it now and you can generate power in a way that you don't have to worry about these one of the most ridiculous things is electric cars being powered by coal fired. It's ridiculous thing so what's happening yeah it is what's happening and people want to think they're being green. Well we do actually it's being held you know we have certain areas where we have great raw earth. I will not allow you to use it because of the environment and we have areas in california that have incredible raw. And they're not allowing and i'm going to open it up i'm going to let him. But how do you do that how do you do that and protect the environment because the environment is going to be protected you can do it you can make it like out of it okay we'll put back a lake i. Something nice about like you can do things magnificently. All of those areas most of those areas. When they say go electric with the car. China is going to be the one that gives us the cars all of those guys in detroit are going to be out of business you're going to make your electric cars over there we have a thing. And we have more oil and gas under our feet than any other nation you know i had. In alaska there's a find it's called an. I got it approved reagan couldn't get it and nobody could get it i got it all done it was amazing. They were getting ready to start. The equivalent they think of saudi arabia one of the biggest finds in the world was all set to. In biden comes in his one of his first orders. We're not going to use it it would have been so good for the we could have supplied all of as. With oil and gas can you talk about money the negative was politically they didn't think it was good for them that's all that's all it was so you don't think that it's environmentally dangerous taking it from way down deep in the earth environmentally would have been fine so it can be done responsibilities. I think windmills are really disruptive when you talk about the environment they killed the bird. You want to see a bird cemetery go under a windmill someday. That hasn't been cleaned. With all the bird carcasses like massive amounts of weather outside in south texas enormous windmill farm and it's gross it's dystopian you're looking in the left and the right now he sees these big spinning machines that aren't even that effective at generating electricity most expensive form of electricity is a wind. And then they start to rust and rot and you have to and then they get abandoned by the people that built them because you have to get rid of all that material too when you replace those blades now you have a problem because you have to expose these enormous wind. How do you say you can't bury them. So you have the blades. Could. They come up this is what a man they come up with. The environmentalist dream is windmill. You know what happens to him after 5 years they start to run after 10 years you have to replace. Did you have a look at certain parts of california where they have heavy windmills and they've been ab. And they're all different manufacturers in all different companies in the office it is the ugliest thing it looks like a graveyard almost a graveyard of windmills it's so bad it's put it in the ocean off the coast of new jersey they want to build the people are going crazy not to build them but we have them the whales are washing up on shore so. In 50 years i had one whale come ashore now they had like 18 come in the last year what is the what is happening with the whales i've read about this well they say that the wind drives him crazy you know it's a vibration because you have those things at 50 storey building and they're super sensitive to vibrations the wind is rushing the things are blowing it's a vibration and it makes noise. You know what it is i want to be a whale psychiatrist in. The whales freaking. Yes something happens with. But for whatever reason they're getting washed up on shore and you know and yet the environmental bible i think there's nothing uglier i see it in scotland i see it all over the world. You have this beautiful valley it's been there for. In civilization thousands of years but millions of years. And all of a sudden you have these ugly windmills up would you open to replace that with nuclear what would you do i think there's a little bit you know we had some really bad. They did one in i think south carolina. They do them wrong they build these massive things then the environmental is. I don't want to go into a long story cuz it's too long for the show this show is too valuable to talk about concrete but they have hardened concrete it's number 12 concrete it's the hardest it's harder than steel it's. They put up a wall in an inspector comes along those night no no your quarter of an inch of the wall might be 8 ft. Can you hear a quarter of an inch too short i'm sorry you got to rip down the wall you got it because you got to be poured contiguous. 1/4 of an inch i'm sorry i ripped out you can't rip it down this stuff you can't put a hammer that you can't it's it's incred. Concrete technology is unbelievable what you know what's happening you think that's an example of over-regulation 25 zillion these things ended up costing $25 billion dollars. But here's the story. France does it france's largely nuc. And they built small little compact plant. And if they need more they build the same thing and they hook it up and they hook. Because they get too big and too complex and too expensive. And it is very clean. Did they say it's it's you know my uncle i had a great uncle who was a great genius just. Are the members of my family. He was a professor. At m. I think 41 years he was the longest of when i was in the white house the head of mit princeton and harvard came down to meet me. The mit person said i have a book on your uncle dr john trump he was the longest serving professor he was a great genius so do you know. And he had he knew everything about. From math to chemistry to nuclear. And he said someday it's going to be the way to go but the problem is so dangerous in terms of. Donald trump and this was a long time uncle john dr john trump he said someday you'll have a little satchel at your. And you go into a building and you'll be able to blow up new york city i said uncle john that'll never happen he's right you know what's the hours so crazy giving nuclear power to other countries write like that was the problem that happened with india and pakistan they got nuclear power and then they were able to weapon. What's the biggest problem in the world today is not global. It's nuclear. And we have idiots that are negotiating for us. We have a guy that doesn't make it past 4:00 and it's not because of age you know that i know so many guys in their late 80s and they're better than the i said to one guy that i think you're smarter than you were 25 years ago i've known him a long time. He's 89 years old he's sharp. I mean. Biden gives people a bad name cuz that's not an old that's not an age i think they said because i'm 3 or 4 years younger you know i think that's why they said they say his age it's not his age he's got a problem two major brain surgeries those are not good operations. Apology to native americans. And that he said that's why he's headed out west like he's off the reservation so to. For lack of a better term you know it's interesting because doing the. I was looking over i'm saying this is strange sounds like strange things are happening but he couldn't keep it together but do you think they knew he couldn't keep it together do you think that they wanted is that why like historically that debate was earlier than they've been in the past right. I think they wanted to get well there's a lot of theories a lot of people said. Do the debate now and we'll get him out right i think that maybe could be well that is what happened so it's like they also said do the debate now and get it over with. I don't think anybody thought he was going to get out really the debate the debate got him out but but i think it's very unfair. Do you have a bad. His numbers went down. But i think she's not doing very well right now and i think she looks. Like the whole pool thing is very bizarre for most people because most people don't answer. So they read the pause chromecast. So i really don't believe too much. Well 2016 taught a lot of people about the ineffective. 30400000 people hillary would go they have 500 people and they tell me i'm going to lose i said why am i going to lose at 40,000 people she had 200 people. But you know i have a theory of these pulses they charge you a lot of money too you know they charge you half a million bucks to do some stupid paul in the interview like 251 people. I don't think they interview in many cases i don't want to get myself in too much sugar. I think they sit there they make a deal they got a half a million bucks and they say trump's leading 51 to 49 they announced that everybody says oh. Do you understand. I think in. I'm a very common sense person i think that they probably. Don't always pause some of them probably never. What's the difference between 49 to 51 and 47 1/2 what's also a tiny percentage of the population i don't think it's representative of the overall population i just don't i don't know if one person in my whole life that ever got caught by a pulse exactly that's my. Here's here's my question but i shouldn't say that cuz i'm doing very well in the polls i think that's so this week i happen to believe in a verse i only believe. I like them this month but no i honestly believe that this is probably a lot of fraud i had a pole washington post abc in the hillary. One wisconsin they had me down. I know it was wrong because i had a rally i had 29,000 people at a racetrack and it was like 0 wisconsin. And they had me down 17 points in other words you had no. And i. And i called up my posters good guy good good good guy and i believe he's legitimate and you know some of them are some of. I said tell me why did they have me down so much. Nobody's going to believe them the next time they said they don't care. When you're down 17 poyntz people are going to stay home they're not going to vote because they're going to say i love trump but i'm not going to waste my time it's. I said but what are they making four or five he said at 4. Is it going to go and vote at 17 they're not going to go to work so i think of it i was the washington post abc. I was down 17 poyntz in wisconsin and i. It's crooked stuff there's a lot of crooked stuff and i wanted to talk about that too because one of the things that people. Talk about with you is the denial of the results and i think jd vance did a brilliant job the other day when he was being interviewed and they asked him did trump lose the 2020 election and he turned it around and said was their legitimate election interference in suppressing the hundred by laptop story on social media. And was that a concerted effort difference and i lost my. 1/10 of a pint what is they say it was 22,000. And by the way i think he was a great. Do you like jd i love you you're allowed to say that again and i think his ability to talk like a normal human being you did my friend theo vons podcast and he just did it how did he do that he's just talking about no no no i was coming. Some of the ufc fighters no no like a top shot. The point of the bullet was over the years but you see the the things take it off a little bit. But it makes me a tougher guy you know the fighters you know the fighters love their you know bo nickal is a great father how's he going to do i think he's great he's fantastic wrestler and one of the best mixers. Oh that's going to be an inch after the election. Show ali the go as president or i'll be depressed and i won't bother to go but i think they're having a fight one of the things that was fascinating also was the denial of the election results is is a pretty common thing hillary clinton famously denied that she called you an illegitimate president and she said that russia put you in place of the election because she was. Yes and it was a thing that was pretty common for people especially democrats to deny the elections there's been many of them the bush administration the you know the dangling chad's well look at these guys in congress all these bags in congress had a democrats they're still denying 2016. But now they don't so much because you know they try and pin it on me you don't hear him say they denied it right up until the end my point is. This idea of election fraud is a forbidden. And you get labeled an election tonight it's like being labeled an anti-vaxxer a few questions some of the health consequences that people have for the covid-19 shots oh my god your auntie you're an anti-vax. If you say and what i say publicly and i've said this a lot. It's not 0%. So if you ask me what is the amount of election fraud in this country is it 0% no one thinks it's 0% i've never met one person. Nada of super liberal progressive far-left person or a right-wing conservative not one person thinks it's 0%. They think when you have human beings and also you have a lot of weirdness. That was going on during the 2020 elections particularly with mail-in ballots and you had legislators that had to approve and they didn't approve and they went out and did it anyway. And you had you had old-fashioned ballot screwing i mean you had. Do you have people going up and dropping in phony votes you had unsigned ballots etc. Yesterday. You know i'm for taking tests. I think anybody that runs for president should take they should give him test and it's not an age thing it's not based if you look back on history 70s and 80s your greatest some of your greatest leaders in the world world history long time world history. They were in their 70s and. But i think you should take cognitive tests i think everybody they say it's unconstitutional. For a long time and you understand what this is. But for someone who's in her late forties who becomes the vice president who runs for president becomes the vice president and then all the sudden the weight of the world is on your shoulders and there's all these people pay a lot of people clam up but you need to have any you don't correct. This is an interview we've covered a lot of territory right and you know it's fine i don't care. I want to i think it's much more interesting. Sheet to do an interview with. Anderson. She took two days off and she started and studied all day long and then she comes out with the result that was a real embarrassment that was a really bad interview she couldn't answer a question. And every question is not answer. Like what would you do your first day in office okay. I'll build a wall i won't build a wall there's a hundred things you can say just say anything. There's something off with. We're dealing with the smartest people. 4 billion people with an iron fist and he's a brilliant guy whether you like it or not. Are they go crazy. We have evil people in our country if you have a smart president he can deal with russia he can deal with all of it i had a russia would have never gone into ukraine if i were president how would. Automatic two things i. I said vladimir you're not. I used to talk to him all the time. You're not. I can't tell you what i told him. Because i think it would be inappropriate. But someday he'll tell you but he would have never gone in but you know why else he wouldn't have gone in oil prices at $40 a. Wouldn't have allowed him wouldn't have given him the money to prosecute that war wouldn't have given him the. I said it with president. I was with president she said it was almost the same. Convers. With vladimir with. With president xi. It was almost the exact same conversation. I said don't do it he would have never done. The day i left they flew 28 bombers over the middle of. 28. And it's the apple of his eye and the same thing with. It's the apple ukraine is the apple of his i used to talk to him i had a very good relationship with. He wouldn't have done it he would have never done. But he also wouldn't have done it because of the you know one of the reasons. What happened is number one he doesn't respect by at. Not even a little bit and who the hell. But he doesn't respect him but when he saw what happened in afghanistan how horribly that was hand. Number one you take the soldiers out last night first okay that was that big. And we had that thing sharted out and they weren't obeying us they. Abdul is the head of the. Bum bum headed all. Some he didn't do i said. Did i do what you got to do. This guy took immediately took all he left the equipment behind. 13 soldiers dead but he took everybody. He took his soldiers out before. A child would know that's what millie was so stupid he was such a stupid guy. Does general should have all been fired the af. The people that were involved with afghanistan. You should have all been fired then they'd be writing books about him how stupid he was and that. You take your soldiers out. I had a big rally and i saw a child in the front. About a year and a half ago and i called the child up i said you mind if i borrow your. Hell yes please and they came. I gave him a quick details you know i said we want to get out of this place. Then we have this and we have this and we have the equipment i get my. I said do you take your soldiers out first. Or last after everything's done you take them out last. A child would know. We took our soldiers out first and we left the. Lower billions of dollars worth of equipment in military vehicles that are used for the best equipment to embarrass us the best equipment in the world the taliban parade where they got tanks rolling down the streets and blackhawks blind is the craziest thing i've ever seen we left the best equipment in the world behind what would you have done differently. What number one we would have taken at just so you can go back a little bit fur. I had a couple of conversations with. And from the time i had those conversations because they were shooting our soldiers you know with the sniper. They were shooting a lot with obama much less with me but they were. And i said get this guy on. The press went nuts when they. I had a great conversation with it was a tough conversation. 18 months later there wasn't one soldier that was ever. And even biden admitted it in a moment of stupidity cuz he shouldn't have made it his people what nuts. Yeah well i will admit no soldier we didn't have a soldier killed in 18 months in afghan. Not one soldier was killed because he understood. What was going to happen. If that. I didn't have one so then when i left. After having gotten more votes than any sitting president in the history of the country and much more votes that he got in 2016. When i. They started shooting us. More importantly what they did is. They did that whole thing with you know leaving he shouldn't have left number one should have left from the backgrounds is massive. It's got tremendous acreage around a tremendous it's a very big it was built many years ago. And part of the reason you wouldn't have taken that is because it goes to china. 1 hour from where china makes its nuclear. You should have never. Number one they should have left from. They should have left last they should have got you know we have americans that are still. They should have taken all their equipment down everything so every plane every screw should have been taken out every. And i said that that's when i realized that millie was a dummy. We're leaving but i want to get everything out search cheaper to leave it i. Share more dangerous. You just said. I said i want every plane i want every tank i want the goggles save night goggles they have all this stuff that these guys. You. It's cheaper to get out. I said so you think it's cheaper to leave 150 million brand new airplane in. Then it is to fly it out with a tank of jet fuel and put it. Pakistan or just flying directly. It's. I said this guy's nuts i'm telling you he was so stupid he was so unwise he was like an unwise man. And there were. But i defeated isis with the greatest generals i had a guy who was so. I. The real generals not these idiots that we deal with. We knocked out you know i defeated 100% of the isis. They said it would take 5 years i did it in a matter of a few. Literally a few weeks. And we hit them hard. So we're going to hit him here we're going to hit him there we're going to hit him here. And i said this guy's great i like this. I was told it would take 5 years that's why i. I said how could it take 5 years we have brand new fighters we have the best planes the best weapons the best guns the best bombs how. Possibly take that. And i flew. I. Left at 3:00 in the morning nobody knew i was going i got an air force one are we started flying. And when we reached about half an hour away from. That was where the airport was big. About a half an hour away they said sir i'm sorry you'll have to turn off all your lights. We're getting close to our site i said give me. 8 trillion dollars and we can't leave the lights or think of. 20 years 8 trillion dollars and we can't leave the lights on. I said that's okay turn the lights on i'm not going to fight him this one this is because it's too dangerous it's too dangerous because they see the light up in the issue. I said turn the. Finish it so we can also pull your shades if that's okay so that's what the plane was pitch black all the lights outside you know the blinking the blinking reds they were all turn. And i like to sit with pilots a lot of times and these guys are specimens i always. Better looking. Tom. Okay and they're even. Play perfect specimens these guys like for a fighter you know you have some guys that are perfect specimen. The best pilots in the air force united states air force to fly air. And i get up there. Obsidian and i'm feeling my way up you know it's up by 7:47 so you go through the stairs but i saw the new my way. There wasn't a light in the plan i'm saying can you imagine. Trillions of dollars. Which are the flying. But i got into the plane the cockpit is dark. Little tiny light you could see the. Perfect look in human being his co-pilot everybody was perfect they were all like movie stars you know it's like i could have cast a movie with these guys and nobody would believe it cuz they were too good. There will be landing in 10 minutes and i look. This is not a light and i'm saying you know i've landed a lot of. And you see like little lights. And i said okay captain good but i'm looking. Did you have been in many places where it has the computer so i'm saying 1,000 ft 9 goes. 800 it's a computer voice but it sounds like but it's incredible. 700 i say captain are we okay. Are we okay captain. You said sarah fine no problem sir. I don't see the lights up there. So i mean i'm exaggerating a little bit no problem with exaggerated he'll tell the story just a truck was a. Stop setting weather. 500 for and i'm sick and i'm telling you that wasn't a light on the run. And we're going. You okay kept everything good yes sir no problem we'll be down in about 1 minute. And i'm telling you. There's not a little. And all of a sudden. Can you hear blah blah perfect land i like. That's how good i mean these guys between the equipment and it's genius. It was so dark you couldn't see a thing that was no runway you wouldn't know where the hell you're you're in the middle of. And then i got out of the plane i said thank you captain it's a great. And then i got out of the plane. Going down and i see. And another. Can i see a staff sergeant the drill sergeant in a various. Call central. Is it sure would you like to rest i said i don't want to rest i want to figure out what the hell are we doing with isis i'm here we can't it's going to take years. Now say we can do it very quickly. Anyway we going to the room we. I mean biden would have taken a nap for 4 days and then left without. Should we go into the room and if they have these guys. Can i say how long can you do it how long we can do it in a couple of weeks. What's the weather today tell me 5. We can do it in and give me a. Like. I said why haven't you done it because the. Came in from washington sir and they would come here and tell us what to do don't you challenge. We're not allowed to do that sir that's not the military way they tell us what to do and we have to respect them i just so do you think that it was incompetence why they didn't go after isis you know when madison goes there who's stupid and they tell these guys that are actually smart what to do. Are the guys that are smart are saying we don't like what they're doing but they're not allowed to sort of counteract plus the guys that went there are arrogant you know they're arrogant fools they're like stupid. The way they pulled out. You know the way they as an example. The way they pulled out of afghanistan with the people falling off the plane song it was so it was it was worse than vietnam with the helicopters it was so bad there was no reason for. Anyway so we knocked them out. I mean we have great military we have great people but. Not the television guys and i rebuilt the military and then they gave a chunk of it and i have to as much as it is it's a tiny little piece believe it. Do we have an i rebuilt the military i rebuilt our nuclear. And in a way i hated to redo it but i got to realize. How powerful that nuclear is joe. Israel is gone but. One bob can take out the entire east. It's so. Can i watch these poor fools talking about. Are oceans will rise 1/8 of an inch over the next 500 years. We have people we have countries right now you're five. And don't underestimate. North if you take a look at north korea. I was there i mean i was with kim i had a great i got a long night with him you know the person she got along good that's a good thing it's not a bad thing it's a great. Is obama thought we were going to go to war with north korea when i met with obama just prior to the takeover you know you meet you have a sort of a ceremonial. But it lasted a long time a lot longer than it was supposed to last i said what's the biggest problem he said north. By the time i finished i wish we would have no problem with north korea we were really it was a little tough at the beginning remember he said i have a red button on my desk i said i have a red button al. Open mine's bigger than yours and mine works i like how you call them little rocket man i said i said yeah a little rock i said little rocket man you're going to burn in hell and it was a. This is crazy and then one day i got a call sort of like. I got a call you know you have to say that all. But i got a. And it was from him meaning his people they wanted to. They wouldn't meet obi. He tried to admit they wouldn't even talk to him. And i think he expected to go to war i actually do i believe he expected. And we checked the nuclear stockpile it is substantial i mean it's that's i said you do anything i got to know. I got to know better than. And i said do you ever do anything else why don't you go take it easy and relax go to the beach you're beautiful beach nice beachfront. Just relax you don't have to do. Let's build some condos on your shoreland actually have gorge. And he said. I just have to do it because i need it for my safety it said i got to know him very well we had no problem with him if you have a smart problem if you have a smart a really the right president a smart president. You're not going to have a problem and i say it to. We have a bigger problem in my opinion with the enemy from within and it drives him crazy when i use that. But we have an enemy from within we have people that are really bad people. That i really think want to make this country unsuccessful. When you look at what's happening at our border joe when you have people coming. When when other countries are allowed to empty their prisons into our country with murder. We are 13,099 myr. Dropped in our country over the last 3 years. In 15,000. Convicted rapist drug dealers drug lord for. People from mental institutions what do you think the temperature is hundreds of thousands of major criminal. Tougher and worse than anybody we have these are the consequences of in san antonio they've taken over the apartment buildings in aurora colorado they take it over apartment. These venezuelan games what do you think the strategy is you know one of the things that they've said is that you stopped a bill. From being passed but didn't that bill also include amnesty for the people that already here this is years after the. The damage was already done but what was the what was the problems that allowed 2 million people. They were going to get amnesty it was a horrible bill it didn't protect us at all but we should just tell people about the strategy is so one of the things that i think it's been very clear is that they've moved a large percentage of these migrants they're coming across the border illegally they've moved them. To. This is what's going on with springfield ohio right now. It's called springfield ohio springfield ohio. Is this very nice. A 52,000 people. 32. Migrants that don't speak the language. Dropped into their. You can't get into a hospital you can't get into a school. It's gone from a beautiful little place to a. And the mayor is a nice guy and the mayor. We're looking for interpreters. I. You've got to remove them and bring them back to their country mostly haitians in this case. But they speak no they speak no language they speak. No. I mean they can't get interpreters they can't do anything and the man is trying to be politically correct they're all trying to be in aurora colorado. You have the the worst probably the worst gang ms-13 might even be you know those two are the worst gangs he's a venezuela. They have taken over. Apartment complexes and they're going to want to take over the whole. And you have a weak governor pathetic govern. Who's a radical left democrat he doesn't know what the hell to. But you have many other communities but they don't like to talk about it because it's you know it's bad for the community to talk about. These people have been let. Play this i'm. And i mean it she's a low iq. The app that used to be used it used to be used i think essentially it wasn't it for shipping. The cartel heads of the cartel rich people by the way these are loaded these people have so much. They would call. Think of this they call up the app. And the app tells them where they should take. Is there a load of illegal migrants from. The. Do you know we have a lot from the congo prisons in the. I made a little bit of a sarcastic joke a man named dana white who you love who i love i assume you love i love. I think he's in a class by him he's probably the reason why. I i. He's one of. He is the greatest guy you know i always say every nobody's indispensable you know everybody can be replaced maybe you can't be you might not be but. Do you know what truly i don't think. Do you know the things that desoto for 4 billion. Who the hell is going to pay 4. And they made like a great deal take him out he's the best guy he spoke at the whole thing with you know i just been shot. He got up and he spoke so better than anybody. I mean who would be better to introduce you i asked of all the people i know the biggest people in the world and they all would have loved to have. How do you say dana would you do it and it was interesting he was. And he said to the people that you know one of my guys called. I won't be able to do it i'm sure i just left with my wife and family. I was a little surprised even though i know he was very far away he was in some place some you know and he deserved it with his family and. And all of a sudden. Should dana white just said he's going to do it and he's coming back in tonight he's taking you know the guy is just an incredible guy. He's like a. Champion put loyal yeah he's got to be one of your favorite people i've been friends with him for 23 years so would you have cuz you what you're doing here is incredible i mean everybody tells me all i know is today i'm going. You know you're in joe rogan take before tell me like. I said how the hell do you know that but it's it's sort of what you've done here is amazing. Where would you be if you didn't do the ufc stuff would you have this show do you think i'll still be doing it for sure would it be at the same level i don't know. I'm involved in so many different things. You know stand-up comedy ufc and all the interest that i have that lead to the podcast will you always want to do you first of all you love you i love it you love the fights i mean i want you you are loving it they could pay you nothing you'd be right they didn't pay me anything for the first like 13 shows i did it for free because they were hemorrhaging money. And i became friends with dana and my my position was you're going to give me the best seat in the house i get to sit cage side for the. I think these are the guys that we had always hoped for. And i only did it for a couple years it was just too much and i was losing money and it was banned from cable because of budweiser and john mccain and you can only get it on directv and so then i came along and i gave him the size and he never forgot he loves you for that. Because it was too dangerous and everybody was against it and they couldn't get. And i gave. The first two or three sides and they were. And by the way i went to the first. I said i never saw anything like this it was crazy it was so good take the best fight you've ever it was like that fight. It was so. But you know. When i wasn't. You probably never had a time but i had times when i wasn't exactly. Dana they called him he said he's the greatest guy there's nobody. I'll never say anything bad about that guy because when i need it cuz i'm having a hard time at the beginning they almost pulled the plug a couple of times right. He said he stood up and he gave us stuff that nobody else gave us and nobody wanted anything to do. I will never and there was a time. Where it would have been very popular for him to say bad stuff about. He said the greatest stuff about me said you're going to try and get me to say bad stuff about trump i'm never doing it no he's a very good guy very unusual guy he's a fantastic a perfect guy to be at the house or something so controversial is the ufc let's controversial yeah well this was always the thing that i would hope that it would be i always knew that it was unbelievably entertaining but i just didn't know if maybe i was crazy. Maybe i loved it because i've had this long history of being involved in martial arts and maybe like other people just think it's too violent but can boxing make it yeah boxing still a great sport i love boxing but it seems to be. So unimportant now by comparison to ufc don't you think i think well you know dana is working with the kingdom of saudi arabia they're going to start promoting boxing now and with dan at the helm of it i think boxing because. The thing is they want to make fights. That other people maybe you know promoters don't want to make because they want to protect their fighter controversial fights where you know it's dangerous like you don't know this guy could lose and so the saudis they're smart they're just offer a tremendous amount of money and they're putting together fights that no one else can put together they're doing that in boxing if dan is involved he'll probably make it good you don't be amazing thing though the the fight. No ufc fighter they say has ever. And it looks to be much more violent. Mini boxes have died isn't it interesting and dana tells me because they take so many shots to the face and there's also no other options to preserve yourself to protect yourself so if you get hit in a ufc fight you can clinch you can try to take the fight to the ground you get options also you don't get allowed to get knocked down and then get back up when you get knocked down you're concussed and generally you know if a guy's really hurt they could be finished in on the ground in the fights over if it's boxing you have 10 seconds to get up you get up your head kind of trouble run away and survive until the bell rings they're only three minute rounds and then you start again so you're getting repeated punishment to the head. You know and then there's also the issue of guys weight cutting you know which is a problem with the ufc as well but wait cutting in boxing is led to if you look at deaths in boxing there's very few of them in the heavyweight. Most of the deaths in boxing of the wide awake divisions because when guys dehydrate themselves to to lose weight to make. Their brain is the last thing that gets. Like it's very difficult to completely rehydrate your brain quickly and you only have 24 hours between the weigh-in and the fight and it used to be the wayans were the day of the. Like when when boom boom mancini had a fight with duck who came and killed him in the rain which is one of the last ones on television that we've seen that was a crazy event for people and heartbreaking and it led to a bunch of different changes and one of them is day before wayans to allow people to rehydrate better and the other one is they dropped it from 15 rounds down to 12:00. Elect they should do that again you know. I'm not the fight. But those 15 around fights were unbelievable in terms of entertainment those were the championship who do you think is the greatest of the fighters there's there's a lot of arguments for who's the greatest of all time you know jon jones. If most people would say is the greatest of all time never lost. It's certainly a really good argument for that there's another argument for george st pierre. I always leave in bj penn and his prime anderson silva and his prime you know mighty. People forget about mighty mouse because unfortunately he's a smaller guy it's 125 lb flyweight champion he's one of the greatest impressions of mixed martial arts i've ever seen i think to this day and khabib is fant. Have you looked at like accomplishments in terms of championship fights could be retired 29 and 0 but he didn't have as many world championship. Play some tea about could have even got the decision in that fight i'd have to go back and watch it again to make a decision but they're great athletes the best athletes in the world and the most dangerous sport in terms of like it's i always call it high-level problem solving with dire physical consequences that's what fighting is you know i never forget. So there was a fighter named tony tony and i think it was. Say george george. I think it was him who did he fight jamestown. James. Once you got to the yankees records never fought a boxer. The greatest of all time people forget about anderson silva in his prime he was unstoppable. Fighters can only compete at that level for so many years and so my opinion you have to judge them at their very peak you can't judge them when they're hanging on and still fighting you can't judge them when they're coming up you got to judge them in that championship. In that championship peak there's a handful of guys that you would consider at the very time they stopped a little bit sooner some of them would have had you know i mean there are a couple of that you just mentioned without mentioning names and they stopped at the perfect they were unbelievable. Add a certain age to start getting knocked out right yes it's unfortunate but the thing is that same belief in themselves that lets them become a champion who makes them think that they can do it long past the time that they actually can anderson silva was essentially unbeatable and then he lost his clothes and then all of a sudden he said he was kind of clowning in that fight famously and chris weidman had a vicious left hook knocked him out and then they fought a second time and he broke his leg on chris white man and after that fight he was kind of never the same because that that leg break injury which conor mcgregor have had this quite a few fighters having the same injury ironically. You have to get surgery you have to get bolts and plates to keep your legs together and then it takes forever for it to. I mean you have those cases. The kick it will do tremendous damage to somebody. But their leg doesn't seem to get damaged isn't it still doesn't get very numb after a while and guys that are really good kickers they're kicking the thigh in the kitchen soft areas and they're slamming this hard numb shin the gets all these like microfractures all over the internet and it's like. That's why you're good at work that's why nobody does this. Without the enthusiasm. What has to be. Like that i mean the only reason why i do mma commentaries cuz i am very interested in it for real it's not i don't have to manufacture it i'm very interested so are you going in there after the fight and they're sweating all over here they're slapping all over here you're beautiful and i love this make america healthy again yeah because. There are chemicals and ingredients that are food that are illegal in other countries because they've been shown to be to. There's pesticides and herbicides and there's a lot of shit that's been sprayed on our food that really is unnecessary. And there's a lot of health consequences that people are suffering from a lot of these things into because i had a feeling you'd be asking me look at this. These are healthier countries look what the united states is i'm going to send this. Rfk jr. Something along the i was actually talking to rfk today and he told me that more than 70% of young men are ineligible for the military because of their. That's crazy a lot of us is the life expectancy versus health expenditure. That's what that is but rfk is going to be very you know i think he's a great guy i think he's crazy and are you guys are you completely committed to have him a part of your administration. The only thing i want to be a little careful about with him. The environment. But i got to be a little bit careful with the liquid gold you know i understand but listen there's plenty of good work that could be done if you focus on health so that is the one that my all-time favorite see the arrow right here that's when i left today i love you to not work with him have there been rfk jr. Yes i would. And you know. I think in many ways they've done a good job in many ways have done a bad job but i would say that the big farm. Wasn't thrilled when they. Can i have a relationship i've actually always gotten along very well with him i've known him a long. Is a different kind of a guy is very smart great. And he's very sincere about this i mean he really is you know he. We we spend a fortune on pesticides on all the stuff and then you end up with that chart is a terrible shot the one previous. It's such a bad shot when you look at where we are compared to other countries that don't spend 10%. I've had some people that aren't exactly thrilled. What's a good question well certainly if it doesn't affect me some pharmaceutical drugs that have been prescribed that have negative consequences that these people have been profiting off of and then you have a guy like rfk jr who spends an enormous amount of time highlighting those things you could say how they've been very reluctant to have you support. I would say that's an understatement what do you do to stop that from getting in the way they've come up with some amazing things i mean i don't know how you feel i know you're against the next. But like the polio. It was like a diss. And they came up dr salt and he came up with a vaccine and there's no pol. Now it's very interesting that hasn't been polio but now in the gaza strip can you believe that have you heard that. There's been a big strain of polio coming out in the gaza strip is it vaccine derived polio cuz you know there's there's a strain of polio that comes directly from the vaccine because unfortunately sometimes the vaccinate people for police. I mean all i can do is i sit down and i listened to him and i'll give it a total i would love him to be right. The dangers of the pharmaceutical drug industry one thing is when pharmaceutical drugs were allowed to advertised on television we're only one of two countries in the world that allow pharmaceutical drugs to advertised on tv the other ones new zealand but they're more restrictive than we are. I would never say get me to cross this things that are so bad they go through a whole list i guess they save some liability but. Man i said does that affect the purchase of they say it really does. When they when there's something you have in. And then they go through the list of side effects of potential side effects the potential side effect. I mean a lot of people. I asked that question people hear. When i hear it i'm going to take a piss it says may affect your vision may cause blindness may this yes but i know you're aware of calling casey means right yes well one of the things that they pointed out and this is a very important thing for people to understand is what a lot of these drugs do. Is they they act. To somehow another mitigate the effects of poor metabolic. But most of these problems that these people are suffering from wouldn't exist if we put an emphasis on metabolic health if people got healthier they started eating nutritious food and taking vitamins a whole host of these problems that people are having would go. And the problem with that from the pharmaceutical drug standpoint is they wouldn't be able to sell drugs to these. Pesticides and things like that on the plants and then what do you think of that. Well i think regenerative agriculture unfortunately is very difficult to scale to a point where you got a jack in the box on every corner if everybody wants food and we have food deserts and we have places like los angeles for no one's growing anything and everything has to be shipped. And it's very difficult to feed that many people we've created this incredible society where we have these enormous cities but it's in it's very difficult to get food to these people and then for a lot of these people in low-income areas the only food that's available is cheap unhealthy food and we can fix that that's if we can send 175 billion dollars to ukraine we could do something to fix a lot of the health problems that the united states has. And i think it would it would help us as a nation overall just if you just put it out there that hey as a nation we're going to make a concerted effort to get people healthier just put it out there and people start making better choices when you look at that chart i was crazy i just they just gave me that joke cuz they said you may want to discuss this topic which i know is a big topic. And when i looked at that chart and i looked at how unhealthy we are as a nation that's a that's a pretty big thing. Is. Unfortunately is a big factor for health to some people are just way more robust but you do play golf a lot and that is exercise for me it's good. Play fresh air freshener outside even mentally your focus on that 3-footer for a couple of hours you're not and i go quick i play fast real fast and i'm in and out but you know it gives me i was never one that could like run on a treadmill i just and i can do it you know when passing a physical. They asked me to run on a treadmill and then they make it steeper and steeper and ste. And the doctor said it was at walter reed. It's unbelievable i could have got i'm telling you i felt i could have gone all day but i said. Doc i can do this all day long i'm not i have no problem. But it's boring to me do you understand. But i did it for so long they couldn't believe it that i. I have no problem doing it but it's really boring so with golf or something you know or tennis or whatever. A golf as you get older there's something really good about it and you have competition competition and concentration and it's a great handicap sport because when you're looking at a shot that's all you can think of when you're executing it gives you a couple of hours. If you're much better than somebody. You can't really play with somebody you know it doesn't work you can give them sort of the equivalent of strokes right but it's. With golf you can play with a lousy guy and give him a stroke a hole or two strokes a hole or something you know it's a good handicapping. But it gives me a little exercise but i haven't played in a long time i want a lot i want 32 club championships did you play right after you got. Know what i did. Is i played with bryson. Do you know bryson yes the pro. He's a great. And we played it was a certain thing that we played i guess called breaking 50 or something 50 with play from a certainty and if you can break. And i got tremendous ratings are sort of like a crazy thing it got your he's a great guy but he's a great couple. You know i feel very interestingly i'm running. Who's the president of the united states to be such a big deal it's so important. So you down to two. We start off at 9. Cuz you have 9 billion they say in the world who knows what that. Would you get down to 350 million sadly we have no idea what we have in this country but let's assume it's 3:25 350. Can you down to two people what's the biggest thing in the world. And when i heard she took off yesterday and she took out the day before she's going to take off tomorrow or the next. I haven't taken a day off in. 6 days that's a long time i haven't taken one day. I don't. I didn't i don't want to play this is too exciting. Is grandpa this is too exciting this is more exciting than anything you can do it cost to. It's the home stretch who would take a. Until we have 11 days left now. Let's think of it so i think i've gone 54.55 days in a row no days. And i make speeches oftentimes you know sometimes not but i make spe. And when you make a speech. Am i speechless last a long time because of the way if you know i mean i weave stories into it and if you don't if you just read a teleprompter nobody's going to. Be very excited you got to leave it out so you just say you always have to get right back to work otherwise it's no good but the weave is very very important very few weavers around. It's a big strain on your you know it's a big it's a lot of. What's. You got to be careful with the voice you can lose that voice your voice wasn't designed i said today so. I made a big one last. I was in las vegas. Got a big one the night before in arizona. Big one i mean they're all big we have the there's never been anything like it in terms of credit never been. Never been close they. He talks about crisis you know it's very interesting. We get crowd. Can i say you. I've never had a story because i don't get good rest i don't think i've had a good story in years i really don't i don't i swear i don't think you were talking about it a little bit with oprah everybody loved me. I don't think i became president of the united states. I did great the second time i did much better i don't want to get you in any dispute. I want that second election so is he and not just because i want to talk to you about. I did. And now i've gotten the nomination again and don't forget to get these nominations you go against very smart people ron desantis was hot i got to go through. Nikki haley was hot you got to go through her. I want to everybody record time record time i got three nominations. Who won the first time did much better the second time you know i got millions of votes more of the. And now i'm doing it a third time. And and it's incredible. I never get a good. I only get bad press now i will say this it's a lot easier if you're a democrat if i were a democrat you get a lot of positive pregnancy test and the media to a large extent acts as a propaganda arm for the democratic party yeah it's bizarre to watch and you know most young people that they are aware of it i think most boomers still unfortunately read the newspapers and believe in cnn please. It's getting for us for a. Do you know what i consider myself a christian people information that they're not getting from anywhere else and they like the very fine people ho. The russian gatehouse all these different things they've done they try to pin on you that's like it's a clear distortion of what you actually said i was talking about the auto industry. It's a bloodbath because japan and china are taking our order and i said it's a blood pressure of ultimately what they do is they diminish their own credibility because people don't want to listen to them anymore because they see that they've done that and they recognized what's going on and they feel insulted they're intelligence. So i have a son is very smart and. Baron. He knows all about you he knows about guys i never heard. Make sure that you don't know how big they are there because he said that he's a great guy. It's a whole new world out there it's a different world now congratulations billions like billions of hits. A republican is always down 30 with young. I'm plus. And i want to talk to you young people are rejecting a lot of this work bullshit young people are tired of being yelled at and scolded they're tired of these people that they think are mentally ill telling them what the moral standards of society should be today and people are upset it's a big there's a big difference now but even in just a couple of years. I was shaking hands with people that are young people the rebels are republicans. Pro silencing criticism their pro censorship online they're talking about regulating free speech and that regulating the first amendment it's bananas to watch their political opponent what you got more. I always say you know a kid but i'm not kidding. I've been investigated more than alphonse capone he was the meanest of them all he'd kill you in 2 seconds if he didn't like you. I've been under investigation more than alphonse. Only because it's political opponent stuff and i want i want the big case in florida i'm winning the other. You win but you know what they did they did something that's only done in third world countries they came after their political opponent yeah i could have put crooked hillary in jail not only that but then it by saying that that's what you're going to do once you get in office right what they're doing right now it's crazy. He's going to put us in jail he's going to. That's what you're doing to him a lot of people say will you do that. Will you do that to him if to them if you win you know it's the presidency has tremendous. I could have put crooked hillary i respected that you didn't because what you said was it would be bad for the country no i can't i couldn't even imagine you have. Principal secretary said but more importantly the wife of the president of the united states of america. Going into jail and if you ever saw when i say something about her they're all say i didn't say i never. They say lock her up locker and i always go take it easy just relax we're going to win this thing take it easy take it. And i'm telling you i kept it down just the opposite now they say oh trump wanted to put her in jail. I saved her from going to jail they had more stuff on her and call me had it because when comey got. Any stupidly because he's a stupid guy too he goes to he's a stupid son of a bitch he got up joe he got. And instead of saying she's innocent of. Q104 h. Any charge was a. And as far as her doing this. She's innocent and this and then she's only a unfair prosecutor for we go. Every time you heard these. Play sounds so bad they. All it was is you wanted more airtime if you would have gone up and said. I've thoroughly investigated hillary clinton and she's done nothing that we feel is wrong it would have. Instead he wanted to be up there cuz he's a. Pr. He's. Any starts going through and you know. They had a huge problem because fbi is. The real people the people that work there it's like the real generals that i told you about that defeated isis in. The fbi guys are great i'll bet you i'd be at 95% in the fb. And instead of just. If you go through each church right now he was trying to protect her. But he did her a great disservice because he wanted attention so i want to i want to talk about 20/20 because you said over and over again that you were robbed in 2020 how do you think you were robbed everybody always cuts you off what i'd rather do is we'll do it another time and i would bring in papers that you would not believe so many different papers. That election was so crooked it was the most crooked election give me some examples of how well let's start over the top and the easy ones okay they were supposed to get legislative approval to do the things they did and they didn't get it in many cases they didn't get it what. Let's play extensions of the voting for for voting earlier for this all different things. By law they had to get legislative approvals you don't have to go any further than that. If you take a look at wisconsin. They virtually admitted that the election was rigged robbed and. They wouldn't give access in certain areas. The balance because the balance weren't. They weren't originals they were we could go into the stuff we could go into the balance or we could go into the overall i'll give you another one are you going to present this. Like what do you do you think i can just give you ok google. 51 intelligence ag. Come. That the laptop. Was from russ. It turned out to be totally false 51 former intelligence agents right now they say that. I don't believe it's this much but it doesn't. I won by like i lost. 1/10 of 1% less than that it's a tiny little. 22,000 ross spread over that spread over the. 51 intelligence agents lied they. Daylight they know it. It was hunters it was from his bed it was hunter's l. They said it was created by. Russia russia who was the. The russia hoax was a big. It was all a big house so that's clear that's one example that is a good example they say it made a 17-point difference that's a big example but that's only one. And you can go into the ballots where they wouldn't give you access to the balance you could go into the ballot harvesting you could go into 500 million for the lock boxes but just in terms of narrative so there's two things right there's the russia. Does the collusion with russia that was never proven right that's why he's proven it didn't happen right right but but they as they talked about it to 2 1/2 years to prove but not only that but it was a constant narrative on television so that's a narrative that gets into people's minds especially low information people that just watch the news that you're inclusion with russia so that's one so that changes the narrative and then you have the 51 former intelligence agents that work with the original twitter and get them to remove links you can't share it on dms you cannot share that story they swept that story because they said it was russian disinformation even though they knew it was not so that's two examples that are real examples now anyone who considers himself a legitimate objective observer of american politics if you really want the best person to win you would. Want people to not. And the only reason why they got away with this lie was because they continually labeled you as this horrible threat to democracy and hitler they kept saying you're going to be a dictator ignoring the fact that you weren't a dictator for the 4 years will you actually the president i was actually the opposite of a dictator i was a very straight guy but. Those three things you take those three things each one of them by themselves causes the result to be different okay it does and then you can go into 100 other things there are. We can't have corrupt elections and we can't have open borders we need we need you need to have a country you need borders. You need fair elections and i'll tell you the other thing you need. Is you need a free and fair press one of the things i like about doing a show like this can you imagine kamala doing this show. I couldn't imagine laying on the floor and i hope she does i will talk to her like a human being with you. I hope she does because it would be a mess she'd be laying on the floor comma and the medics i think we'd have a fine conversation i think i'd be able to talk to her i wouldn't try to interview her i just try to have a conversation with her and hopefully get to know her as a human being that was my goal having her on trying to get her to express yourself just as i don't know if these i don't think these formats are good i don't think that two people first of all i hate the idea of the presidential debates because i hate the idea of a time limitation on complex ideas. I think you and kamala you sit across the table with no one in the room but the two of you. Of course you're not going to shout each other of course you're not going to answer me i mean it may get they used to do it but that would be the way to do it and you should do it with no no one interfering with pressed checking whether or not it's factual especially when it's biased because they checked you all those times and they didn't check her with clearly things that were inaccurate right so have two people just have a conversation without a time con. The microphone but no crowd no crowd crazy too because you're good at work in a crowd i would rather have a problem but i had no so they gave me an alternative i don't think he wanted to be why did they want no crowd because they thought i wasn't going to accept it so i believe what they wanted to do is have me not. So they gave me a deal i couldn't. Reviews. I'll take. So they came to me they said. Will debate joe biden anything that's tremendous ratings to that was crazy. But will debate joe biden but you can't have a. They also wanted sitting down i said that's the only thing i said look you got to you got to stand up you can't really sit down turn on the old days they did sit down a little bit but but he gets tired he got to stand. Any agree to it was a very tough thing it almost killed it they wanted to they wanted to have like desks we. I said i think we should stand up and that was the only thing i asked for i said we got to stand. I thought it looked bad for like the public but they said no. And cut off. And i said i can live with it i mean i can live with it and they thought i was going to reject it and then they would say he didn't want to debate sleepy joe. Number one i'm leaving number to you know i didn't they also said it with the prim. Soy. Like 10:12. In the primary no stupid guys i mean you know that they governors in the center they're not stupid people some are stupid but not. Oh my god i said you have to be in the debate i said. I'm leaving by 74. The closest guy to me i'm like 60.70 points. Why would i stand there like an idiot for 2 hours and let every one of them scream at me i'm going to be the focus. And i said i'm not debating and it was a very smart thing because you know. It was they just killed himself a republican primary yeah the republican primary. With i like debating i think the i think you have to. I like debating like the rosie o'donnell. I like debating when you have a good remember the roses are funny making that was a hell of a question man if i didn't come up with that answer. What it was is you know that was we had 28,000 people that was the cleveland arena where the cavaliers played lebron james not a big fan of lebron james but he is a good basketball player but you know. That was the and when i said. That place went. And she's talking know she had like 10 of the yeah well megan said you said it's other people and you admitted you did but it was. It was lucky. I did it because. She was she was in that question but she kept talking but you couldn't hear to this day they don't know what she said but it wasn't so anyway but we had a good time last night in front of a large audience that was very funny very very funny stuff. She said she was suffering from sleep deprivation when she picked him which is. They're going to say they should have had a primary even if it was a short time they shouldn't have. And then she's going to say i shouldn't have picked this guy she shouldn't have picked that guy just the the lying about tiananmen square the military record assistant coach versus head coach so i did mcdonald's last week. And i actually got a call from your friends at google. From sundar that's pretty good. He said this is the biggest thing we've had in years at mcdonald's. Who's the great guy by the way but. This mcdonald's thing i want to tell you it's one of the biggest things we've ever had on. But the reason i did and i actually you know you never know about this stuff i thought it was a throwaway i didn't think our conversations to throw away but i thought that was i thought i'd walk in and that was only to highlight the fact and i have a friend he owns like 56 of these mcdonald's. He said you want to use what i said yeah. So we went there and the crowd was crazy you know they had 28,000 people around the whole thing did you see the outside it was crazy the car is going to get the secret service was not exactly thrilled i had no idea what the hell but i went into the place and i did the french. And it. But that's like in life sometimes you do i thought it was like a quick throw away we're going to be there for 15 minutes. I worked here for 15 minutes which is 15 minutes more than she worked here she lied about mcdonald's and you know. Is it proven that she never wanted to say. You want mcdonald's has no information no she has no information is nobody the manager said she never worked there you know it was a certain place and he said they never know she. She's a liar you know what they do. They'll say like on any one of the questions take. They'll say it's the exact opposite of what i. He's against ivf fertilization and it's the exact opposite i was i came out immediately strong. On every single. And you know she changed policies on 15 i've never seen a guy change anybody change on more than one you know you can maybe get away with. Her whole life fracking every single thing that she was for. The confiscation of god she wants the conference and now she's saying everybody should have a gun in fact we're going to get her a mega cab i'm going to send her a mega. But she's. And i don't think people are buying it i don't think people are buying it well some people are buying it because they want to buy it cuz it's blue no matter who there's there's a certain percentage of our population that's going to vote democrat no matter what their pressured their community their ideology that is good i don't understand why okay. 570 miles of wall. I built a lot of wall exactly the. What i don't understand. Who would want people to come into our country. From places unknown like sometimes they'll say about a fighter from parts unknown. Remember haystacks calhoun from parts that's even before. Who would want people to come. Pouring into our. We don't know anything about it but that's i want to ask you this why do you think they're doing that i think because you think they're trying to buy votes do you think they're just playing our country. What i want to. It's one of those three things they want it now they are trying to get people registered to you know don't even know what the country and they're trying to give people amnesty people that live here they're trying to give us time to get some serious relationships the benefits that even our poor people aren't getting 200 million dollars and that's a way low number that's interesting. In a sort of like always looking for. They've spent a hundred billion dollars on the stuff i don't know where they ended up getting the money from the federal government it's crazy. And because the mets. Came out and. We can't live like this play invest. By the way i. I said he just got himself. This group is stupid but they're vicious they're stupid people but they're vic. Directions to 120 elections you say you have all the evidence that it was rigged why haven't you put this evidence in a consumable form and what oh i did i have i have books on it and by the way. Books have been written. We have an author named heming. Who is the great writer she wrote a book on. Many books have been written on it there are books that. What's happened is judges don't want to touch. They would say you don't have standing they didn't rule on the merits they rule the merits never got. The. Didn't have. To turn off let's talk about the potential vulnerabilities for elections in election fraud one of them is mail-in. The other one is the. If someone can break into voting. I think you said a public i hope he did because i wouldn't want to be the one but he's a. And he's a very good guy with computers right you'd say he's one of the smartest people alive anybody that can land at 20 storey building and. An amazing guy. He said to me. That unless you have paper ball. It can never be an honest election that's a. What's a big statement we should go to paper ballots you know france. They want the mail in voting and it was. What is the amazing thing with the. So we have the machines they cost 10 times more paper ballot would cost 8%. And they make paper ballots for watermarks and everything else to very sophist. If you take. Paper. 8%. And you're done by 9:00 in the evening. Now we have the sophisticated machine that goes up to heaven it goes all over the place and down. And they say we'll need two weeks to figure out who the hell won the election do you think that's by design i think it's very quick and that's my opinion. You're allowed to have an opinion what could let's say you win. In november what can be done to mitigate these problems what could be done. You know at the level that the president has power. Well if i win that'll be this will be my last election. But i think i know it to the country yeah yeah but i think i owe it to the country we have to have fair elections so how can you fix that you know jimmy carter was in charge of a commission you know that many years ago. And they put him in scoop jackson in various senators you know distinguish people that were. And they came up with the. And the reports primary funding. You cannot have mail-in. Because if it's a mail-in ballot you know i went to the voting booth the last time whatever it was. And i walked in in palm beach and i walk. Could i see your identification is this here is that. And then you said and you they watch you. You really does not a lot you can do i mean if you wanted to be dishonest it's sort of beautiful if instead of that. I'm going to send them about it. It has to go through the postal services it has to go through a lot of people. They mail you a houses that you know the house was demolished and the people have left. It's so. The one thing with jimmy carter he had a very strong. Commission. No mail. And we're the only one that does elections this way anymore they've gotten away and this is a picked up in a big way after covid it used to be like soldiers serving overseas to certainly push the smell and bout another thing but they use covid to cheat in the last election was a little bit of. You couldn't even get security guys big strong guys to. You know what you'd call them they call him. They were afraid to go out you know we had we were in the middle of. We were in the middle of covid right smack in the. And they didn't want to die you know they don't want to catch. It was. In a way it was it was like a ghost. The whole thing but mail-in ballots are bad things that certainly is a problem mail-in ballots are probably next to the country is the most bizarre argument that i've never seen anybody articulate in a way that's convincing people why don't you well it doesn't make sense any other way i've tried to straw man or i try to steal it rather i've tried to like look at it from a position like why would you not want people to have id. And a lot of the ideas are just ridiculous to get a driver's license. Gavin newsom one of the worst governors in the world. And i used to frank i used to get along but i don't get along. Because he's just too you know it's just a whole con job but gavin. The other day sign. That you are not allowed to ask a person even ask them whether or not they have a voter id so what could be terrible reason why because they want you but that would be the only thing that makes sense that's taking it to the next level. You know you have id the democratic national convention when they had it the last time i. They had a sign like a billboard on the the name of the person where they live how they live who the hell their boyfriends are every single. It was in a big picture. That's for. They have an idea of big ideas it was hanging like you were prison. They have these massive cards everything. And yet when it comes to the world in theory the most important thing we do okay when you go to a grocery store you give. But for a vote it's supposed to be a sacred thing and it should be a sacred. No voter id because they want. What doesn't make sense in any other way i've tried to look at it no other way there's no argument that anybody is presented that makes any sense why you know the funny thing joe the democrats the people. They all think you should have it in other words you should have left if you go to the people. Missy schwartz mrs smith mr and mrs jones. Democrat. What did. It's the politicians that don't want it like schumer and these guys they don't. Because i want to be able to cheat because you know. If they didn't have it okay. Who is going to vote for somebody that wants open borders who's going to vote for somebody that wants to have. Men playing in women's sports. I have never had one person come up to me and say. President you got to do something to allow men to play in women's sports. Have you ever just like i've never been called by upholstery i told you my little theory and posters. I'm getting myself in trouble with some of these things but i don't really care. Nobody's ever come up to me and. We want to have. Men playing women. I had a. Add a property ione in california i have a woman is a very good. And she works there as a man. And brian urlacher the big chicago bears great player you know. 10 time also i guess hall of fame a great guy big strong. And then she said oh he's one of my favorite athletes can i have. And i took a picture and i said and i noticed she was the size of his leg his leg was bigger than she. Can i put it. Should men play in the whole it was just so ridiculous. What's one of the most bizarre and polarizing ideas that's promoted by the lake now unless you're going to. I don't think anybody want. I've never i've been told everything you know you can some people want. I don't know of anybody that wants open borders nobody's ever come up to me and say president you got to let the world come into our country. So they have 21 million i think it's much harder than that because you've got a ways you know got away is where they just walk in they work. And the other thing you have is human traffickers you have traffic is in the traffic in. And they're going wild now. We used to you know what you have to look the trunk of cars can you believe that they put women and trunks they'll put three women in a trunk these people are savages they're horrible the worst people to you and they're. The kind of money they make on drugs they're almost making on trafficking. And the thing that's made it hot is the internet that's. You think of it almost as an ancient thing. What is. But who would want to have these things who would want to have there's so many the transgender operations. Were there allowed to take your child. When he goes to school and turn him into a male to a female without. Parental. Who wants this does anybody want this i've never heard of anyone and i can go into 10 different things. The only way they get. Is. No voter id you can't have voter id they don't want any they want. There's only one reason. Is the voter id is so. It's the most basic thing that's very. Who would. They want it so they can cheat because their policies are. They're very smart when it comes to. They're very smart although they're not smart in terms of politics in a way because. What do they have that people want they really don't have they give away a lot of health care a lot of. But for the most part their policies are terrible their policy on military she's running on a tax like she's going to raise your taxes you got to. We are going to raise your taxes and the people. But who is going to win. With all my life i grew up with politicians lower. She's she's politicking that we are going to raise your taxes will they want to raise the ideas you want to raise the taxes to the highest earnings are not paying their fair share price to people that are not doing well and like yeah our problems are these rich people are not paying taxes are the rich people going to leave and they're going to close up the companies and then the other people aren't going to have jobs you know that's what happens when it does but the whole because you brought it up i'll tell you what we just. He's doing a very good job in virginia glenn youngkin i don't know if you like them and not like i don't know but you don't have the governor of virginia. We have a case where they found thousands of. Illegal ball. A judge just ruled that they have to be able to. Just happened today just before i walked in here. A judge just. You have to keep those people in they're illegal they're illegal vot. Now i think they'll be overturned at the next court one thing i found cuz i had a couple of things that they get overturned a little bit you know the system because the system. You have to hope. That the apollo judges. Honest otherwise we don't have a country. It's very important. Put the whole thing with the legal ballots just got to be looked at you got to have you have to have voter id and you have to have additional idea you have to have an id that shows that your citizen of the country they don't want that either i agree one of the things that i want to talk to you about is the jfk. And one of the things that you said was that if they showed you. What they showed me this is your quote you wouldn't want people to know. I opened them. I was met with from good people i mean you don't look up i mean. People. We're well meeting mike pompeo. Is a good person. They called me they said sherwood rather. After and i did open. But i was asked by some people not. This is martin luther king file too by the way that they'd like to see i don't know if you know but there is. But but jfk in. They called me a lot of good people call me people that i you know that you would find reasonable people. And they asked me not to do it so i said well we'll close it for another time. If i win i'm going to open them up i'm just going to open it up the first time there was a lot of times the hesitation address is people that are still living. There are people that are affect. And there could be some national security reasons that you know that i don't have to necessarily know about. Put some very good talented people ask me not to. I opened it up and then they said. Would it be possible for us to do that a different day how much of it did you read into. I think it's going to be just fine to open it let me put it that way i think it's fine it's going to be. It's a cleansing you know it's really a. So i'm going to do it i'm going to do it immediately almost immediately upon entering office well the thing when people look at it from the outside and you sort of imagine what could be a reason why they would not release those files. It would be there's people that were implicated assassination. When they're living people you generally tend not to want to do it when people are still living. Living people that formerly work for the government for the government and living people that were somehow involved in it and you tend not to do that. How about it's time to open. I can't tell you whether or not they're going to find anything of interest and i did partially over i think i've opened up 50%. But i was asked not to do it and i. I thought that was a reasonable ass but now i'm going to do it i'm going to do it. There's a lot of interest in it one of the things that have a lot of interest in the people coming from space you know yes and i know you're interested in that how much they tell you about that a lot. How much can you tell how does that work cuz it's like super top secret tell me based on hunter. But i interview. A few people it's never been my thing i have to be honest i have never been a believer i have people. Area 51 or whatever it is i think it's the number one tourist attraction in the whole country or something area 51 in las vegas do you know that right sure i know what it is so anyway but it's a big tours like so. I interviewed jet. That say they. If you saw them you'd love to have a message i had him in the who had that siding in 2004 very very compelling with visual visual video evidence radar ev. I don't believe his name but i interviewed jet. We're solid. And they said we saw things. We're very strange like a round ball but it wasn't a comet or. It was something. It was going 4 times faster than an f-22 which is a very fast play. Which is an interior great shape so when you were talking to these people was was this something that you were compelled to have conversations about was this your personal interest a little bit it's not a great interest for me but it's a little. I get that question as much as almost any question do you think that we have aliens coming you know flying around or whatever what. There's no reason not to i mean there's no reason not to think that mars and all these planets don't have life you know because what mars we've had probes there and rovers and i don't think there's any life that we don't know maybe there was like there at one point in time this is a speculation about mars at mars had an atmosphere at one time a long time ago that could support life it also had large bodies of water. But we've had no evidence of even bacterial life that exists on mars. They would have never done it with me where they put the balloon up and a lot of people that and a lot of people thought for a little while that that was one of these things so that's a lot of the speculation too that some of these drones that hover over battleships that these are chinese drones and they're not ufos they could be awesome. Let's say three or four guys. And without tremendous interest. If you had. As i said you'd love to have me as your children. Beautiful people. They said sir there's something there you know. There's something there. In 2004 off the coast of san diego they clock that thing going from 50,000 ft above sea level to 50 in a second i don't know what it is yeah they saw something in the water it was hovering over that something that was making a disturbance in the water. They got video evidence of this thing two different fighter jets with pilots in them. This you know visual evidence photographic evidence video evidence radar ev. Whatever the hell it is it moves in a way that would turn a human being in a jello if they're inside of it the g-force no one would survive oh so what is that. Signature they don't know what their propulsion system was. But when you fly in some of these. Play these pilots have to be in great shape oh yeah when you when you fly in somebody's face that these people are counting are far superior to what we know of is it possible that there's some military or government program that you were. That they didn't tell you about. I think i had a great relationship with the military basically but you know i didn't like certain people i would have gotten them out if i thought if i were. If the election was different i would have fired. All of them quickly something most of them i did. Biden should have fired every military person involved with afghan. He should have had a lot of fairies you know if you look at him he told israel not to do anything at least israel is not going to look at a bomb the way they would have been. Think if they listen to. They be waiting for a bomb to drop on the head right now. He's been wrong about so much i guess you'd have to say that she's been wrong too because you know they she always said they made the decision together. Israel didn't follow his advice and i think it was a very. You know there is a very the middle east is rapidly changing you know. Prophets that say the world will come to. In the middle east you know that. We have weapons today that are so scary when you. I rebuilt. And when you look at the weapons we have today the biggest threat we have in the world today. Nuclear weapons and we have other weapons to that are devastated. The nuclear weapons the biggest threat we have in the world today and that's. I was talking about de-escalation with both china and russia i'm telling you. We were going to discuss that they were going to de-escalate going to be careful when it's a little tricky playing with. Cuz they said we're going to do it and they don't do it maybe. But they understood the curse too it's a curse it's china's way behind us but they'll catch us within 5 years so let's imagine let's let's say you win in november what do you do differently and how do you change this course that it seems we are on for world war iii how do you get us out of ukraine how do you stop what's going on in the middle east how do you put a stop to this well it's it's a very. To me it's an easy question because i think i can do it easily but it's a complex question in the sense. The times change everyday changes. Who's winning who's not winning. Russia's a war. Whether you like it or not it just grinds along grinds the longest picture people like victor. Can you tell you so just a big fat war machine and that's what's happening you look at what's happened to you. If i were there it would have never happened but what could you do now if you get an office chair what could you do now right now. You would get both of them i know both very well. And then again i cannot i do not want to tell you you know for the purpose of looking smart to five people that you know that say oh he was great because. If i told you exactly what i do i could i could never make the. All i can tell you is that i would meet with putin and i would meet with him and i know exactly what i'd say to each one of them and i believe. That as president-elect i would get that war stopped and stopped. You know we have tremendous power in the united states if you know how to use the. I stopped other wars just by the use of tar. I got macron of france good guys like a friend. What is a. And. Person that likes france said he was going to tax our. I say and i said all the smartest guys i sent mnuchin they all fa. And i said i'll do it myself and i called him i said eamon. Your taxi american companies we're not going to allow you to do that or donald i cannot do nothing i can do it's already. I said e. If you do that i'm going to put a 100% tariff when your wines and champagnes are coming to the united states. And you're going to regret that you. Louder please that's not. Anyway within about 2 minutes he dropped the whole thing and it was massive amounts of money against american companies i have to. They don't know how to talk. They met in alaska. The chinese. In the chinese lecture them. How badly we treat. Okay let. You remember that that was like an they didn't talk to me that. They respected me they respect. Our country they don't respect our country they don't respect bid. Dinner respect her they're dreaming about her. Because she's incompetent she's not a smart person look she can't put two sentences together she talks i watch her two. I watched the last night too it's the same thing. Which is not a smart. These guys are very smart and they're very streetwise and they're very tricky and evil and dangerous. And if she becomes. Is the president of the united states which i can't believe can happen. I don't think this country is going to make it i don't think we'll ever be. I think i think it just really bad things will happen to our. And you know what i look at the outside forces and i say they can all be. Because we have a pot. But we're not going to have that pot of gold to play with anymore you know it's a great negotiating. I told you i knocked out this massive car company going to take all of our car business from detroit. I knocked it out just by my rhetoric rhetorically. They'll never sell a car in here i'll put tariffs i don't care the 2000 percent they're never going to build that plant today is it possible to apply that same thing to the electronics that we use one of the things that disturbs me greatly is that all of our phones are made overseas and then some of our phones are made in places. Yes and the chips and some of our phones are made in places like foxconn where they have nets around the building to keep people from jumping off the roof because they have so many suicides like wouldn't it be better to have an american-made iphone where you know people are paid good wages they have health insurance they're taken care of they can live a good life. Well you're not buying a piece of electronics that's cheaper because someone has to suffer a horrible in a horrible way that's not even legal in the united. It's not even legal to have them work that way in the united states so they get these people to build them overseas and you do it but let me just. Is that chip deal. We put a billions of dollars for rich companies to come in and borrow the money and build chip companies. And they're not going to give us the good companies. All you had to do is charge him tariffs if you would have put a. On the chips coming. You would have been able to just like the auto company is no. More sophisticated but. You know thai. They stole our chip. They want us to protect and they want protection they don't pay us money for the protection you know. The mob makes you pay money. With these countries that we. I got hundreds of billions of dollars. From nato countries that were never pay. Am i biggest fan of stoltenberg who just left. You know director. As a secretary. He said bush came he made his speech obama came he made a speech trump came he said you guys aren't paying you got. And they said will you protect us from russia if we don't i said no you got to pay if you don't. Billions of dollars. When i see us paying a lot of money to have people build that's not. You don't have to put up 10% you could have done it with a series of tariffs in other words you tariff it's. That they will come and build that ship companies for nothing in other words. You put a big tariff on the chips coming. I said you don't have to pay the tariff all you have to do is build your plant in the united states. We didn't have to give him the money to build a plan besides. They're very rich companies these chip companies. They sell 95% of our business it's in taiwan right now. They do a great job but that's only cuz we have stupid politicians we lost the chip. And now we think we're going to pay you can't build it. You have to make them spend their money in the united states and those plants would open up all of and they'll find them we don't have to put up. And i am in the process of making a huge speech about a little. And you and how long have we been talking a long. I got to bake a speech i will do it again i want to do it again with you if you are something. They said i said how long will this last anywhere from. An hour to 3:04. You are a fascinating guy. And they've done a great. Thank you very much and thank you very much it's been an honor. 