We all have plans in life maybe to take a cross-country road trip or simply get through this workout without any back. What are our plans are big small spontaneous or years in the making good health helps us accomplish them. At banner health we're here to provide more than healthcare. Whatever you're planning wherever you're going we're here to help you get there. Bann. Exhale i want i'm brian kilmeade welcome back to the show it's my pleasure to bring back on to the brian kilmeade show the 45th president of the united states who wants to be the 47th president donald trump mr president. How do you feel. 13 days to go. Can you believe it first of all this time all these years all this. But i feel very good she's taking the day off and she's taking another day off i don't believe. I've gotten 52 days in. And another 13 days left and i'm just leaving to make a big. In north carolina. And just i feel very good if you look at the early voting which you know as well as anybody it's looking very very strong i think. People. For us at level. Notary public is. Republicans tried to stay away from early voting you were unsure about especially in 2020 florida started voting are you going to vote early kind of set example or do you want to send example on voting. Yeah i'm very mixed on it i mean i'm okay with the tuesday voting which. Daily republicans like and i'm also i i say the main thing i say is. But ideally i guess a lot of people would like to see early voting you know where you stand a little. And i'm i'm okay either way brian really i really. When when the vice president is campaigning she's doing town halls with liz. She's trying to get disinfected i guess disenfranchised republic. Why do you think she's doing these town halls with li. Liz cheney had the biggest loss in the history of the united states congress losing. Almost 40 points. The biggest loss because most people when they're down that much if they're in congress what they do is they resign before going through a humiliation like. She is so bad she was a war. Like her father a warhawk he was the one. Push bush into the middle east. Spent 10 trillion dollars i've been thinking of a 10 trillion dollars that. We got nothing. Everybody got death out of it loss and. And listening it's very interesting because. Here you have somebody that went into the middle. And she's trying to get this is the man who wanted to get strongly wanted to get. Into the middle east and kill. And she's trying to get. Arab supporters. That's why i never got along with her she wanted to go to war with everybody. You know big brave liz cheney let's kill a lot of people so disgraceful we know that i think it's a huge negative for her by the way. Kamala as the expression goes why is why do you think she's not campaigning at all with president biden and what do you think that what messages. Well i think she's not campaigning at all she's off today. And she's off tomorrow or the next day. And i've got 52 days in a row. And we have 13 left and i won't be taking off i will not be taking. But think of it she's off today. And she's going to be off tomorrow. This is not what we want for president. Well when you talk about stuff that you're doing word is out that you're going to sit down with the number one podcast from the country joe rogan you met him a couple of times. Why is this the right time to do the interview it's going to go about 3 hours. That's a huge commitment. Will the guy with everything everything's in. Well i don't know i think. They talked about doing it and i don't know we talked about it for a long time. I think he's a nice guy. A couple of times at. And i don't know it's not just seems something to do it said no real strategy there brian i do it and i do a lot of. I do a lot of shows good bad or indifferent i do a lot of show. They come out good with leading we we won the republican. Nomination in a record time in the fastest anyone's ever. And we were doing very well now we're up in the polls against this woman. You know and i say it loudly she's a low iq person we've had a low iq person for the last 4 years we cannot afford to have it any longer. When you have 13 days left that somebody takes off and you're talking about the presidency that's not what we. But i think it might be very interesting. I think he's fantastic i don't think he can go wrong and the one thing we have in common i did the first ufc's with jim brown when no one knew what it was and joe rogan named help make it along with dana white one of the most successful franchises in the world i want to talk about something in new york that you can relate to and that's danny penny this hero marine in my view sees a problem on a subway car. And used his training to to seduce jordan neilly sad. Maybe due to some drugs in the system we don't know he loses his life now he's on trial at stake his freedom maybe 15 years in prison. Your take on what he's going through and what would you like to see. Well i guess you have to look at the also the record of the. Other gentlemen we're talking about like 30 or 35 arrests or something like that it. Are you going to have to hear from the people in the subway cuz they were very very scared. They were from what i understand very. And i'd have to look at it in a little more detail but it sounded to me. He was very aggressive in the subway and they were afraid for their lives and i assume they have some of those people testifying so we'd have to take a look at that. But. Age of it said awfully tough case i think example of crime in the subway i mean there's always been crime in the subway in new york especially in the 70s and. But it is dangerous now and has good samaritan standing up. And and now he's on trial when almost nobody else in new york aside from you. The other thing that comes to mind is you're going to be at madison square garden now october 27th going to be sunday already we're reservations you were sold. Is this because the you look at it as the perfect way to culminate three campaign. Well i didn't think of it that way we're really looking to win new york if we can. We think there's a chance of winning new york first time since a long time many many deck. And we think there's a real chance with what's going on with the migrants taking over the city. Taking over the whole state frankly if you look around they're all over. And a lot of crime crimes that are an all-time high. You would think we would do very well in new york and it starts for new york but it is it's also you know it's msg it's madison square garden. You like guys like you and i that means a lot those words madison square garden right don't you think so and sid rosenberg coming up who's going to speak first that's going to be great. Yeah we're going to have we're going to have a good time i think we're going to have a great time. It is in a certain way i didn't do it for that reason i did it because. It's a very big. And you know we sold it out in 3 hours it was totally sold out in 3 hours which is pretty amazing when you think of it for politics i don't have a guitar so when you can do it. When you can do that in 3 hours without a guitar that's pretty good. But there's a great feeling you know we did great in 2016 we actually did much better in 2020 as you know in terms of. This one will be there's no comparison between the first two and this one the level of enthusiasm i think you see it too the level of enthusiasm for this is. Greater than anything i've ever. Take a look at mcdonald's i went into a mcdonald's it's b. Incredible. Google said it's one of the most searched things i've ever had it's it's pretty wild so it's all about the level of enthusiasm and we've never had anything like this. I want you to hear you talk about illegal immigration and migrants overrunning cities like we have 66,000 here right now president obama brought that up he's the surrogate who is doing. Call the vice president does perhaps other things are interviews i want you to hear what he. And the reason some people. I don't remember that economy when he first came in being pretty good. Yeah it was pretty good cuz it was my economy. So we'll talk about the the illegal immigrants what he said but for there and the economy is that why your economy did good because you inherited obama. No i had a whole different thing a whole different philosophy my economy did good cuz i got the tax cuts i got the greatest tax cuts in the history of our. And that's what really spread our country we had the best job numbers of. Have anybody we had the best i had the best economy in history. And in the history of our country is he deserve credit union. Yeah i think i get credit for it i do i get credit for that i get credit for the military i get credit for not having gotten into a war you know a lot of people thought i'd be in a war in 24 hours and we had peace through strength i did take over a mess that they left me with is. Defeated them in rapid in rapid time you know we really did i rebuilt the military so you think obama is likely characterizing your success mr president do you think that he is but he doesn't think that. Proper i mean what he what he does he'll say anything. Anything that comes to mind as long as it's. Positive for him i mean what he did what he did to biden was pretty incredible i watched the way he let him off. And i will say what he did to bid. I think it was really. They sabotaged by whether you like biden. He won the nomination and then they took it away from. And there's never been a. There's never been a time. So i want to talk about what's happening foreign policy right now rush is hosting this brick. It includes china india brazil south africa russia obviously uae ethiopia or. Together they represent. 20% of the world economy 43% of the world's population is that a threat to the g7 and are you calling on our allies like india and uae to drop out of it and turkey to stay. I'm not calling on anything i think it's a threat it's always a. But the reason that threat is there is because. Biden and kamala are so pathetic as leaders are. Administration of the history of our country jimmy carter looks brilliant by comparison i mean they are the worst there's never been anything like this administration. They are incompetent they don't know what they're doing and we'll end up in world war iii over these people so i mean i don't. You know i'm just blaming. Because frankly if we had a real president if we had a president that knew what he was doing and a vice president that. And she's worse than. She's worse than him i really believe that i think she'll be actually worse than him but you do look at bricks as a threat and that's something you want to address cuz they want to get off the dollar the dollar is asian is what russia wants to do. Will you stop that as soon as i get in and i will solve it very strong and very nicely. It won't happen there's no way we get off the dollar if we get off the dollar that's like losing a world war that would make us a third world country. Be losing the dollar losing that the status of the dollar would be a a loss almost of a world war. And it's not going to happen if i'm president it's not now. It'll be nice if they can start today instead of january. But you're right that is a. To the dollar and it's a threat militarily that's a big force you're talking about before there's no reason for this this should have never happened before i even premises i know you believe in this indications you're. Did ukraine would never been invaded if you had won the second. However there is a war going on and you will inherit it if you. And right now it's been confirmed. Fighting for russia on north korean soldiers and chinese mersenne. South korea's indicated if north korea is going to fight will. What do you do about this and is one of the things releasing the restrictions on the weapons that we give zelinsky to actually hit the people before who are hitting you because right now they're restricted your thoughts well you know you mentioned the beginning just the beginning of this question that you know. I know it wouldn't have happened it would not have happened and that's the sad. So many people are dead so many people are killed so many cities. Almost most of them are just laying on their sides broken up into smithereens what a. Far more people died brian as you know you see that far more people died and it's a it's a horrible thing. And i hate what happened but that is going to be your problem is the president is going to be it's going to be on the whoever the president is it's going to be on the resolute. Top priority what would you do about that it will be a top priority and i'll get both sides together and i'll try and knock something knock some sense. And i think i'll be successful. It was a lot easier before it started that i can tell you and think of all the lives that. We're just wasted but just it really was is vladimir elected war vladimir putin's elected. And he basically lost his navy to a bunch of drones that zelens. I think they've been brilliant in many ways but now they got their hands full they got two other countries fighting against them. I wonder by the way. You didn't see that coming brian you got other countries going. And you have an incompetent president and you have an incompetent vice president she's more incompetent. I want you to hear what's happening. Aliso i can democrat. Senator casey democrat are using you. In their ads in a positive way listen. Well you got two others because you have an ohio that's happening and there's a couple of others too i guess it's a compliment. I just hope it doesn't affect. I would imagine it's probably a compliment know they're all saying. We were with trump on the tariffs with at least tariffs are finally becoming popular i'm not sure how you feel about it but i will tell you tariffs are going to make us rich again is that tariffs are the way to go to my favorite word in the dictionary outside of love and religion brian let's move to israel israel is has done the impossible they've decapitated. Hezbollah they've released and located their financing. And told the lebanese where to find it they also have all but wiped out all but one battalion of hamas including their leadership and now they've all been promised and it's expected they're going to hit. I know you talked to prime minister bibi netanyahu over the weekend. Without giving away intelligence i know you're concerned about the leaking or the hacking whatever it is. What would you say to them about. What site should be hit or not hit inside. It should have ironic the way you put that question because you say without giving away in. Brian our intelligence or their intelligence has been totally leaked that was a massive. And somebody is a real enemy to have done that they've leaked the entire you know 70 whatever it is different plans and versions of it. To the world to the world think of it how would you like to be israel and wake up and find out that all of your various plans are attacking iran have been. To the media enter the world. And this can only happen to this administration this group of people are just so bad and they think it comes out of the department of defense but who knows right i think it's a sentiment there's a sentiment in this administration for ir. And does things change when you come in if you win. We're going to get everything straightened out we're going to get russia and ukraine settled up we're going to get them settled up we're going to work like hell and i know you'd like to see that. And i know how you feel about it and i fully understand how you feel about it we're going to try and get that settled up and stop we got to stop the killing the deaths all that. Horrible wasted death it's so sad. You know that whole culture has been taken down because those cities are knocked down to the ground for the most. Outside of a few areas it's i mean. You look at those cities every single building. And some of the magnificent those magnificent golden towers and everything they're all gone. Smithe. And far more people than anybody knows right you're going to find that out but but i am going to sit down with them and i know both of them very well. And i'm going to try and get that thing done i'm going to try and force. Between them and then with israel that's actually in a certain way. You might say it's more complicated but maybe not as difficult if you want to know the truth it's probably a more complicated situation but maybe not as difficult but but veronica is the problem you know brian i think you would be believing in this october 7th would have never happened to ryan was. They didn't have money for hezbollah they didn't have money for. They had no money they had they were absolutely they would have made a deal and i would i would have made a deal that's good i want to make a deal that's good for everybody. But we don't want our end to have a nuclear weapon but if you look at your message the arab community if you look at the abraham accords there's really no administration has done more maybe jimmy carter when he brought egypt to the table with bacon and watch. To bring the arab world together with israel then you. So is that the message to michigan. But i'll tell you the message to michigan really is that if they would have gone with the accords so we have the four countries. We're going to get a lot of countries we're going to get those countries back in there the the abraham accords was one of the greatest things. Maybe one of the greatest things maybe the greatest that the middle east has seen it can easily be filled out. And i think it would have been filled out and i even think they were there would have been a chance at that time because. Iran was not in a great negotiating position and although i must say over the last 4 weeks and not as good a negotiating. Position as they would have been a long time before it's amazing what happened now had israel listen to. They would be waiting for a bomb to be dropped on the head right now there's a theory that the. There's a theory that the prime minister after meeting with joe biden and kamala. Said that if if trump is not to win. Things are going to change dramatically so i have to win now do you believe he changed his strategy after he came to the us and met with them and she did not show up for the joint session of cong. Yeah i don't know but he's been pretty much on his. He has not been listening to biden biden wanted them to stop immediately. And if he did you you literally would be waiting for that bomb to drop down on israel that's probably what would have happened and he's in a very strong position right now. But with all of that being said we'll see what we can do in terms of getting peace. He is really put himself a bb gun. Hell of a job for fighting but he would not listen to biden he wouldn't do it he wouldn't listen to find don't forget when they made the original you know when the united states made the deal they he came here he was begging obama and that time obama and biden but basically ob. Not to make the deal a deal that i broke and a deal that it was a great thing that i broke. Do you know if i didn't break the deal that the deal would be coming through right now they'd be able to it evaporates yeah it ends it would end in 10 years a clear path to do it there was in theory nothing you could do about it. It would have been coming to right now is the very short term there was a lousy deal whoever made that deal which i know. But that was a very bad deal for the united states it was a really bad deal for is. And i terminated. We're working all these things on you know when they're in flux because it's like what are you going to do. What am i going to do today is going to be what am i going to do tomorrow is going to be different you know because things are changing rapidly changing right now you're running and ukraine i'd love to end the. War between russia and ukraine i really think that we got to get that one. I'd love to see that. I thought it was it's been badly handled by everybody including biden i mean the biden when he what he was saying. At the time there's no reason russia would have gone in we would they would have never gone in and i hate to say that do you know it's been a disaster for russia too they've lost 100,000 people they've been isolated economically and falling apart but just to bring it back bring it back locally or actually to israel real quick they're going to hit targets and it's going to be in a matter of weeks the third missile system is there they got the arrow david sling and they have the iron dome now that it's in place. And iran is 150 150 rockets their way and is all but embracing for. What time would you like to see them hit the oil fields the nuclear fields the military bases in a very bad position in terms of nighat. But a lot of people would say let me put it that way that you hit the nuclear and you hit the oil. But i don't want to be the one to say that because i don't want to get involved and i do speak to bb and i speak to a lot of people. And you know i from a negotiating example if i'm going to be involved but what people are saying now biden is saying the exact opposite don't hit the oil and don't hit the nuclear you know he's taking the opposite of breath everything you know in history brian if over the last 40 years you went the exact opposite of. Every single decision the exact even. Even if you look at. Look at the world trade. Let's not hit him right let's not hit osama bin laden i said yes don't take bin laden if you would take the exact opposite of biden every single time you would have you would be one of the greatest foreign. Part of the reason why they they seem to have just kicked him to the. Doug amhof i'm sure you didn't have a chance to see this or maybe you did they're running out so many ads he's got an ad out with ben stiller and andy cohen talking about the need to be a girl dad and stand up for abortion rights with the scandals rumors swirling around him should he be telling us how to be a girl dad. No i don't think so i think it's that. I think that. I think the whole group is not so good this is not what our country needs i hope that we're going to have. The kind of results that we're seeing. In early voting you know the early voting has been. Extraordinary so far i would say beyond our wildest expect. If you look at the north carolina you look at george i guess somebody one. I think the atlanta paper came out with about. 405 point spread already that we're. And we're doing we seem to be doing very well in early voting but who knows we have to get it you have to get it over the top there's great enthusiasm we've never had. It's my third time doing this and we've never we did an incredible in 16 we did better in terms of voting by millions of. The second we've never had enthusiasm right now and part of the reason is because they've been so bad. You like to break down the numbers out of the seven battleground states what worries you the. Which one the which. All of them i mean the biggest. Risk to me i think we win it easily i think i would have. At at 30% of what i've done and i haven't taken a day off in 52. And now i have 13 and she's sleeping today and she'll sleep by here tomorrow too she's going to sleep all day she like biden and she likes to sleep a lot well i haven't taken i haven't taken days i have not taken. Days off at all nor. You know this is the big thing this is going to be make america great again we can't take. Our country if we don't win this race our country is in serious. What are one sports question but before i do that this quote from barack obama. He wants you to believe meaning to trump if you elect him he will round up whoever he wants ship them out and all our problems will be gone when i hear donald trump talk he's very quick to say comma you're the vice president you had it for 4 years. He said dude you were the president for 4 years why haven't you done it would you responds to obama well i did do it we had the strongest border in history i built hundreds of miles of wall i did do it if you look at that famous chart that now very famous chart the lowest point that we've had for virtually say this was supposed to say why is it what kind of attack plan is that then do you think. Like you know do you notice when he's attacking you. I don't care what he says look i mean the guy i thought he was a very divisive president not a good president. And look at look at the kind of things look at the mistakes they made when he was president he was frankly compared to. He was good compared to this group he was good but he was a very divisive president not a good president at all but when they say why didn't trump do it i did do it i built hundreds of miles of wall i was going to build 200 more they were all set to be put in. And these people didn't do it. And we had the best. Border in history. And for him to say that is just pretty amazing but that's all right let him say nobody here's the good news about obama nobody listens. So when you when i used to cover. They used to say yeah donald trump's up there with george steinbrenner as usual. Do you guys used to go in the yankee heyday good and bad days you sit there and watch george steinbrenner erupt or cheer very consequential guy now your mutual friend randy levine is randy levine is running things i try to get some inside information about the world series first one in new york since 2009 first time they met since 1981 donald trump your prediction on the world series seen on fox. Game one game two will be out in los angeles your thoughts about how long it goes and who's going to win. Well i'm going to say the yankees you know randy is a great friend of mine george and the family. Is families made of a lot of terrific people. And so i have to go with the yankees of course but. We'll see what happens at dodgers have a great team you know they have a great team. But the yankees are hot with. I would say they have maybe a little bit of an advantage what are the odds on it by the way who's who's favored to win similar that's a great that's a great question i'm not a big betting guy i would think the dodgers might be favorite with the better record overall. But the yankees really close to the playoffs and and judges beginning to. Dodgers a. -130 we're not betting people are we you know that do you know we don't want to bet but i'll say the yankees will win you and i will talk about it will you go to a game i'd like to go you know the problem is because of the security service really appreciate the time now and there's an electoral votes just waiting there so over in nebraska right now. Whether it's going to be that important or not it may be under you know certain limit. Under a limited circumstance it could be a very important. But i do great in nebraska i'd love to get that omaha vote you know it's a little bit segmented from the. I understand. Said he wanted to get a little free publicity so he didn't get that. But that's okay i would love to get that i would love to get that vote and to the people of omaha please be nice to me thank you yes and you could vote early and said an example if you wanted to in florida that would be an interesting decision. Well you know it's interesting i really feel i'm very mixed you know i have the old standard. Tuesday vote and all a lot of people like to vote and i really miss you know what the main thing to me is you got to vote you got to vote a voting early i guess would be good but you know people. Different feelings about it but the main thing is you got to get out you got. And i'll be voting. That's interesting great and we'll see if elon musk is doing that too he's making sure everyone votes right now campaigning in pennsylvania and and have benjamin franklin whatever he's unbelievable. Think of it he got it from north carolina starlink when they had no communications people were dying over no communic. And he got it to them right away at my request. He's amazing that guy so nice to have him on my side brian do you agree he's got a good cars and good spacecraft and he doesn't waste anything they land intact. Thanks so much for your time best of luck he's doing a great job thank you very much. All right you listen to brian kill me joe listen to the all new bret baier podcast featuring common ground in depth talks with lawmakers from opposite sides of the aisle along with all your favorites like his all-star panel and much more available now at fox news podcast listen to the show add free on fox news podcast plus on apple podcast amazon music with your prime membership or subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. 