Churches original recipe is back you can never go wrong with the original 1099. We all have plans in life maybe to take a cross-country road trip or simply get through this workout without any back pain. What are our plans are big small spontaneous or years in the making good health helps us accomplish them. At banner health we're here to provide more than healthcare. Whatever you're planning wherever you're going we're here to help you get there. Bann. Exhale mr. We're now in the back stretch under 50. Is there a. To close it to close out the battleground states that's different from the previous 300 well there is a plan about closing it's called closing the border and we're going to do that immediately and we're going to drill baby drill and we're going to bring down inflation and bring it with a cut prices you have to cut prices not just bring them to a level you have to cut prices. But we're going to end up with the strongest economy anywhere in the world and we're going to do it very quickly we have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody we're going to use it and we're going to pay down debt we're going to reduce taxes still further and we're going to have a country back again but most importantly and immediately we're going to close our border because we have millions and millions of people pouring in from jails and prisons and mental institutions and terrorists. And we're not going to stand for it anymore 18,000 people out there about another 18,000 on the outside in nassau county long island and you probably made a lot of them happy by saying hey. I know i had a tax reform i got rid of the salt but now you want to add that allow them to take their state local taxes off their tax returns we're really looking to do that and we want to do it for new york we also want to win new york we think we can because of what's happened with the migrant crisis everybody's coming into new york people that frankly that just got out of prisons from the congo and from the middle east and from lots of other places. And the people of new york look i left here and this was a great place. Now it's a place that's overrun by people that shouldn't be in our country by very dangerous people street gangs you see what's happening in other states it's not only in new york but you look at what's going on with the venezuelan taking over the real estate in colorado with guns like even our military doesn't have guns and rifles so no we got to turn it around we're going to turn it around fast we have to deport all of these criminals that have been brought in and we will first time since 1988 the teamsters have not endorsed the democratic candidate they didn't endorse anyone but they released to paul the poll shows their membership almost 60% of the vote well it's a great honor i the teamsters have been with me for a long time we did a lot of buildings in new york i did concrete buildings with the truck driver. I get along with the unions and i got along with non-union too i got along with everybody i was very good at building things and you know you go to different parts of the country you go down south and you don't have union. And in new york you have very strong union. But i always got along with him i got along with the team says look this is the first time in many decades that they have an endorsed a democrat. But they went out and they actually took a poll of the members and i was at 60% that's pretty good that's pretty good after seeing camilla harris vice president for the first time and debating it for the first time and then seeing some of her follow-up interview. What kind of opponent is. Well i thought that she had a debate which was interesting because she wasn't answering any questions and i thought it was a great debate for me i thought it was one of my best debates that i've ever had and some people disagree but i felt it was the strongest debate i ever had i thought i was treated very unfairly by abc they had it was three on one but that was okay too i thought we did really well we exposed it she told a lot of things that weren't true and i told things that weren't true like as an example when i said we have massive crime. I was interrupted by david muir saying that crime is actually gone down well know the justice department i don't know why they did this but somebody maybe likes me over there they just released as you saw a numbers saying that crime is up 44% and beyond that and some categories so i was right. And abc has an apologized yet know i thought the debate was very good my poll numbers are great we just had a rasmussen paul that i'm up six. And i think we're doing very well don't forget it's a very unfair process they did a coup of. Biden thing was over we had the debate it was good deb. And he was down either 19 or 21 points depending on which phone. And i figured that was going to be a win and they told him that was going to be a winner we want you out and they actually did a coup and they put her in. And i actually believe if they when the people find out what she stands for all of the things that she stands for. I think that we will do as well or better than we would have done against mark penn democratic poll stairs calling for an investigation of abc and the moderators he wants to communications poll to see if they were talking to each other because of the fact check on you and none on them and the questions and topics do you join in those questions sure i do i think they should be investigated and you know they have to get a license from the federal government. Are they they asked me 9 or 11 different times about things that i was right on. In virtually every case i was absolutely right like the crime like charlottesville like a lot of other things they asked me about things that i was right on and they didn't ask her anything about things that she was wrong on and they knew that you bloodbath as an example she knew they all knew that she was wrong on these things and you talking about and so so what is so sad is that they're allowed to do that so they interrupted me but they didn't interrupt her and she was the one that was wrong you have a 50/506 plays a role in it. I think it's two things i think our economy is terrible so you could make the case for them or it's politics or maybe it's a combination of both. The economy is bad inflation is killing people we're going to get the inflation way down i'm going to reduce energy bills for people by 50% within the first 12 months that's the kind of stuff we have we have more liquid gold under our feet than any country in the world saudi arabia. I'm going to reduce energy costs for people that means air conditioning heating cars everything by 50%. And we'll do that within 12 months and i'll be able to do it easily i understand i miss this i was here but you did make history today with bitcoin the first cryptocurrency purchase i don't even get it do you understand what you bought hamburgers i did i bought a hamburger with bitcoin this it was the first purchase ever made i guess of a hamburger or something and now look i'm a believer in staying at the top this is a hot thing. And rather than have it giving it to china like the ai stuff you know artificial intelligence china is going crazy about it. They're also going crazy on bitcoin and krypto krypto. And i do understand it i think it's going to be a very hot industry and it already is actually the former first lady has a book coming out of memoir what do we get from that book i haven't read it yet how important is it for her to put that out well she's a tremendous person very precise very accurate and i do believe she loves her husband that's probably the biggest surprise to a lot of people come to think of it but she loves her husband. She's a terrific woman a terrific first lady no matter where i go they just go crazy over melania and lastly i know you and your safety and the special secret service but you worry about your family too. I do i do i don't talk about it but i do i have to worry about family i have to worry about everybody i worry about you i worry about everybody because look we're under siege. And no country has ever suffered like we have for the last three and a half almost four years when they allow millions of people to come into our country. From prisons right from prisons and terrorists and people from mental institutions and they take over our parks look at new york they can't play little league baseball anymore you know that doesn't sound serious but it is serious when they take away your whole lifestyle. When they live in hotels better than or are incredible veterans who are lying on the street opposite the main entrance to a hotel and in that hotel you have. Illegal aliens that have come in and by the way destroying the hotel fighting at levels at the police don't even want to go into the hotel when you have that happening at this city and this country i do i want to protect everybody leslie jd's got a debate coming. Cbs margaret brennan norah o'donnell you think you'll get a fair shot what advice do you give him he won't get a fair shot but he will handle it very good very smart i think he's done great people are really like him he's tough smart he loves our country. He's going to have no trouble that guy is a whack job the wacko this guy to be president someday. The vice president i thought it was a terrible absolutely i thought it was a terrible pick i thought they were i would have put him last on the list how she could have picked him but she was actually less you know they put her in the list too and she ended up behind him this was a coup of joe biden joe biden whether you like him or not. At 14 million votes she had none and they threw him out that's a coup that is not democracy 18,000 people waiting for you 10,000 on the outside you ready i'm ready i'm all set thank you thank you join me weekdays at 3:00 p.m. eastern as we break down the biggest stories of the day with some of the biggest newsmakers and guests listen live on the fox news app or get the free podcast at guy benson show.com. Listen to the show and free on fox news podcast plus on apple podcast amazon music with your prime membership or subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. 