In scotland two weeks ago and we. And the. The excellence in the hotel in the restaurants in the golf shop everybody we dealt with talk about what it's like to work for donald trump how do you hire leaders and put people in place to do that cuz i know you're obviously not there personally managing that. But you put a culture in place in your organization and that applies to the administration as well hiring people inequality leaders well my son eric is very much involved and he runs a lot of. And don helps out a lot and ivanka to a lesser extent you know she's a great mother and everything she did a fantastic job in the administration all she wanted to do is get people jobs and she'd go around and. Exxon and see walmart. She wanted jobs for people it's really pretty amazing she could have a very glamorous. And she would have done. But eric's done a great job and i did a similar type of job when i was doing it now i'm doing a thing called running for president so i don't get turnberry was considered one of the greatest courses in the world because the land is so incredible right with the ocean and you know that night all over there you're heading over the ocean how good it go for you 13. And he is very long very straight and you know what he's a great putter one of the best buddies he's one of the best waters in the world that was quite an exciting thing we got it down to 50%. So what leadership qualities when eric's hiring did you teach him to look for well i like the recommendation business but what i like best is taking people that are in the company. And moving. You take a waitress as an example and she becomes the head of the restaurant you say because you know if certain people are. And when they work for you already you know you said it's better than recommendation but if you don't do that or if you can't do that for some reason you really need strong references and then they have to enjoy their job if they don't enjoy their job they're not going to be. Very good at it download the ramsey network app for more content that keeps you motivated. 