Ronnie. Convention with eric and i got to spend some time with both of them and you're right they're impressive. One thing i always told my kids. No drugs no alcohol no cigarettes. In my day there were no drugs it was alcohol and cigarettes and. And i had a brother that went through a lot with alcohol and and he taught me a lot he really taught me a lot and my brother. And he had a problem with alcohol. Need to put it. And he was in and he was quite a bit older than me and he'd been through it and he would say no alcohol never want to see if i. Very strong and he don't want to say no cigarettes but because you have cigarettes or like you don't need if you don't smoke. If you don't drink you have no problem. Just stay. When you do drink and you it gets it's very hard to stay off of it i mean i've seen very strong people that cannot get. But the way you get off is if you never start if you never. I never had a glass of alcohol in my life i've never had i've never had a glass of alcohol you can't believe it i think largely because of my brother i think if i did i probably i probably would have a problem you know personality type right but i never had. I have no long. I have friends that are on the wagon as they say. I want some watching trays go by the trains going by. It's like they have you know this is a thing that they can't. Over with same with smoking it's tough i've seen guys just grab somebody cigarettes they haven't had one in a long time. End to them it's like the greatest sensation. If you've never smoked you never you just don't have that problem so i tell people for their children. No drug. No alcohol and no cigar. And i would say genetically i'm a believer in genetics you know i like it i'm. Doing certain things. Gina resources at like too slow racehorses. Produce the kentucky derby winner iraq and that's not the way it is. But you have to have an ability or something and if you don't have the ability. Don't do it but most importantly do something you like whether it's your parents or not you know your parents want you to go into a business or they want you to go. Into a store with them if they have a store i would say that. You have to love what you do if you don't love what you do it's not going to work. I've never seen it if you don't. I want to get up in the morning. And go to work that a lot of people. With all the people that come after you do you really love getting up in the morning and you understand that right. Can i be i'm attacked at left and right but i do because when we make so much for august we're doing great on the campaign as you probably see when leaving in the campaign now. Doing well we beat bid. And we were up so far in him and then they said that's like a fight you're in a fight and they changed the fighter in the middle of the right in the middle of the fight they changed the. And now we're beating her very badly i'd be so interesting to see her in your. Because i don't believe that you would be able to answer any questions on what you discuss better than anybody else i'm happy to have her if she come i'm sure she would be sure she would love to come she wouldn't come download the ramsey network app for more content that keeps you motivated. 