1/3 + subscribers can listen to this podcast add free right now. Join wandering plus in the wonder react today whether it's the events of the day or whatever you like to listen to stories help inform and inspire us with audible you can enjoy the storytelling experience anywhere with thousands of audiobooks podcasts and originals from gripping historical fiction to compelling memoirs read by the authors themselves there's more to imagine when you listen as an audible member you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog including the latest bestsellers and new releases if you enjoy thought-provoking novels you might want to check out here one moment by liane moriarty a captivating tale about the struggle for certainty in an uncertain world a strangers on a plane learn their face somewhere than others sound interesting new members can try audible free for 30 days visit audible.com slash cbs pod or text cbs pod to 500 500 that's audible.com slash cbs pod or text cbs podcast 500 500 to try audible free for 30 days audible.com slash cbs.com to find the person you want to marry finding the perfect engagement ring is a lot easier at bruno.com you can find or design the ring you've always dreamed of with help from blue nile jewelry experts who are on hand 24/7 answer questions and the ease and convenience of shopping online for a limited time get 50 dollars off your purchase of 500.000. Good morning and this is sunday morning. With early voting underway in many states across the country and election day less than 2 weeks away. Politics is front and center this morning. Norah o'donnell spent part of the weekend traveling with candidate kamala harris. First in texas than in the critical state of michigan. She takes us on the stump with candidate. It's been a high-profile weekend for vice president kamala harris campaigning with beyonce in texas and yesterday in michigan with another superstar former first lady michelle obama and donald trump essentially tied do you believe those numbers presidential race. And. Ahead on sunday morning we talked politics in the home stretch with kamala harris. Whether you know him from the english patient schindler's list or the harry potter movies. Ray fiennes is one of hollywood's most versatile leading men. With two new films making their debut. He's in conversation with martha t. Locked inside the vatican in conclave cardinals have gathered to elect a new pope it is a war ray fiennes plays the man refereeing the turbulent process and his own inner turmoil i like characters that have contradictions inside them. Coming up this sunday morning vatican in. He is perhaps the very embodiment of the expression renaissance man the great leonardo da. David pogue checks in with filmmaker ken burns whose new documentary examines the life and times of the legendary italian. Seth stone this morning gets lost and found inside the works of a master maze designer. With lee cohen we visit a town on the front lines of the border crisis eagle pass texas. Along with a story from steve hart. And. It's the last sunday morning of the month october 27th 2024. And we'll be back in a. Explaining football to the friend who is just there for the nachos hard tailgating from home like a pro with snacks and drinks everyone will love an easy win and with instacart helping deliver the snack time mvps to your door you're ready for the game in as fast as 30 minutes so you never miss a play or lose your seat on the couch or have to go head-to-head for the last chicken wing shop game day faves on instacart and enjoy 0.00 delivery fees on your first three grocery orders offer valid for a limited time other fees and terms apply. Can most americans think they spend about $62 per month on sub. Forget this the real number is closer to $300 that is literally thousands of dollars a year half of which you've probably forgotten about thankfully rocket money can find a bunch of subscriptions you've forgotten all about and then help you cancel the ones you don't want anymore rocket money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions monitors are spending and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings rocket money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million dollars in canceled subscriptions saving members up to 740 a year when using all of the apps features stop wasting money on things you don't use cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com / wondering that's rocket money.com slash wonder. Just nine days until election day no time to lose in a presidential race where every vote. Norah o'donnell is on the campaign trail with candidate kamala harris. I'm not here as a celebrity i'm not here as a politician i'm here as a mother beyonce's song freedom has become kamala harris's anthem and that was the message in houston friday night on the most extraordinary for a woman comma it was the vice president's largest rally ever 30,000 people braved 90° heat the attorney general united states with the vice president over two days for a rare behind the scenes look on air force 2 and the battleground state of michigan closed for the first time challenge. When congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom. Nationwide as president of the united states i will probably sign it into law. And you have been clear that that is a priority but what you have not been clear on is what that bill would look like you've talked about restoring versus what restrictions you would support. Let's put back in place roe versus. This was not an issue. When roe versus wade was intact for 50 years half a cent. Women together with their physicians we're here at a medical office talking with physician. In women in consultation if they chose with their priests their pastor the rabbi their mom so you are important restrictions after viability i support. Roe versus. Put back into. Buy. And to restore the fundamental right of women to make decisions about their own body it is that basic but you know there were there are restrictions with roe versus wade there were restrictions. We would not be debating this if donald trump had not hand selected. Three members of the united states supreme court with the intention they would un. The protections of roe v wade and what we have seen. As as demonstrated last night and every day these last two. Is extraordinary. That has occurred in america were women have died because of trump abortion bands were women who have survived rape and girls in. And and and and no except. For someone whose body has been violated to make a decision about what happens to their body next we have seen women who are experiencing. A mis. Around a pregnancy they prayed for. And being denied healthcare because doctors are afraid they're going to go to prison. And those women developing seps. We have seen extraordinary harm and pain and suffering. Because of what donald trump. An attending and effectuating an overturning of roe v wade yes. My first priority is put back in place those protections and to stop this pain and to stop this injustice that is happening. Our. And when you argue that donald trump is elected would put forward a national abortion ban just read project 2020 the former president said that's not true he was because everything come on are we really taking his word for it. He said that women should be punished he's he has been all over the place on. But i'm too busy watching what he's doing to see what he has said. Harris is on the trail in pennsylvania today and she plans to make a major address this coming tuesday. One week before election day you will be in washington not in a battleground state to give a major speech at the same place that donald trump did on january 6th why so i. And do think about that place more in the context of what will be behind me which is the white. I'm doing it there because. I think it is very important for the american people. To see and think about. Who will be occupying that space on january. And the reality of it is that most americans can visualize the oval office we've seen it on television. This is a real. Sitting behind the resolute desk in the oval. Width 9 days left to go the vice president tells us there's no doubt about what her closing arguments will be. His first priority is going to be people like him. Not people. The people who are watching this right now people who work hard seniors for example who are depending on that social security check as the only source of their income when donald trump is saying we should raise the age of of social security to 70 before you're eligible but he says he's going to cut taxes on their benefits he has. Been consist. And and again google project 202. About what he thinks about social security. What he has his intentions to cut medicare and medicare benefit. His intention look again at project 2025. To repeal the $35 a month cap on insulin that we have put in place you know that donald trump is disavowed project 2025 he says that is not his campaign plan as you know i am a former prosecutor his dna is all over. His running mate rhodes forward. To the the book of the author of project 2025 i believe donald trump's name appears at least 300 times. In project 2025 and it is a blueprint. A detailed blu. That is about the danger and the detail of what donald trump and his allies. If he is in the white house. Cbs news has also asked former president donald trump to sit down with us to talk about this critical upcoming election. Mr trump has thus far de. But the offer still. Filmmaker ken burns latest document. Explore the life of italian artist inventor scientist. Leonardo da. A renaissance man in every sense of the word. Burns is talking with our renaissance man david. Ever since he got a movie camera for his 17th birthday ken burns has been making documentaries over the years he's created 36 documentary series for pbs all of them about american history but now well let's talk about the big news after decades of making first class documentaries. You have a new. So tom brokaw told me when i turned 60 that i needed a big boy haircut and i sort of punted and so now that i'm 71 i you know i've had a bigger boy. Haircut lately. But seriously there is some news he's just made his first project ever that's not about an american subject it's called leonardo da vinci it was just. Getting to know one of the most. Incredibly interesting human beings who has ever walked the earth and the fact that he turns out to be arguably the greatest painter. You know extra added it's so hard to make a film burns co-directed the show with his daughter sarah burns and her husband david mc. We all met up at new york's american museum of natural history. You're choosing as your subject somebody. There's no video there's no. Photography. How do you make 4 hours on a person essentially doesn't exist the most definitely exists in the records that he's. He left behind these 6,000 some odd notebook pages with all of these different studies geology. Physics all of his preparatory studies for his paintings grocery list to do list you're going to speak to the art historians are going to speak to the biographers you're going to find people who are influenced him across several. Disciplines leonardo with paint portraits draw futuristic machines and make meticulous observations in dozens of notebook. What emerges is a portrait of a genius who's not just a painter not just a scientist not just an inventor leonardo drew muscles bones and organs he wants to know everything about everything so he's dissecting a cadaver because he wants to understand how the heart works and how the body works all towards creating a painting that is more life like more believable more alive it's one just. Gigantic volume of. Material asking. Fundamental basic questions where do they come from where am i going how does the universe work i mean these are things that occupied him. Every single moment of every single day. What also emerges is a man who rarely finished anything. He attempted how many paintings and finish how many there's fewer than 20 paintings that exist today and probably less than half of those are actually finished we think he was also coming across in this film is a world-class pro. Well i don't think there's any procrastination involved i think things are left. Put on delivered to patrons because the questions. That he was asking of this. For him. Had been sat. Being interested in so many different things as he was that there's always the next thing a new question something else that comes along that takes away his attention. Do things da vinci did finish though are among the most famous paintings ever made. Well the last supper was a very commonly painted subject for leonardo's. Leonardo discovers a completely different thing happening than most other painters had this is christ telling his disciples that one of them is going to betray. And he puts them in groups and so one is putting his hand over his eyes and other is reaching for a knife and so it becomes a pain that feels like seconds unfolding it makes you feel like you would have been a filmmaker today. How do you. I think he invents film there's a kind of inherent dynamism and movement to it. He also made. In order for him to be a great pain. He has to understand the circulatory system he has to understand about hair he has to understand about geography and rock formations and missed and how atmosphere work. And so my wish is that nobody ever makes a joke about her smile ever again. Because. She is embodying the entire human project in that. If you've ever edited photos or videos on an iphone or a mac you may already know one of burns's favorite editing techniques arms heads blankets guns and knapsacks were tossed into the clear air. Zooming or panning across a still image. It's a process of trying to shake a live something that is two-dimensional and make it dimensional and. But the new documentary narrated by keith david introduces techniques that will be very new to burns aficionados split screens that juxtapose old and modern footage. Across all of these disciplines showing multiple things on screen at the same time was a way of in some ways visually illustrating leonardo's thought process what is the balance of labor here how do you guys work together dave and i are the writers of this and then once we have our. We began our editing process and that's when we get in there all together and work on making it better together occasionally we disagree about what that should be and it doesn't he automatically win cuz he's ken burns no no no that doesn't that doesn't work and that doesn't wash with collaboration. But now it's done it's delivered to pbs and you know that it's perfect you wouldn't change it many of leonardo's designs were ornithopters machines that relied on the human-powered flapping of wings to achieve. Leonardo da vinci airs on pbs in mid-november it's the story of a fascinating man. Best gained through observation and experience. Could feel i think quite rightfully that he had lived a full life and practically anybody i've ever. Play come across. Any study in. Period period period. This is a psa or public sock announcement experts have declared bomba socks as the best way to warm up chili feed these pairs are super cushy soft and designed for maximum coziness plus for every pair purchased another pair will be donated so someone in need of essential clothing can stay warm this winter go to bombas.com wondering and use code wonder for 20% off your first purchase that's bom.com wondering managed pharmacy benefit plan costs for even more value you'll need true cost introduced by cvs caremark now you can get simpler pricing at the drug level so you and your members get more predictability it's a new cvs caremark model you can count on to help you make more strategic decisions and because true cost from cvs caremark simplifies drug pricing you'll be able to create a plan that your members actually stick to go to cvs.com. If you would like to get lost in a story filled with twists and turns time for something truly amazing. From our seth. Tupac's here i would say do you want to go that way i would say this way he knows the way and planned it so we would not i'll go one way you go the other and we'll both be coming back here before you know okay i bet against amazed designer in his maze is a bad idea. 73 year old adrian fisher is part english gentleman part nutty professor and perhaps majority. When you hear there's a maze. We all want to have a go it's like being a child what's forbidden out of sight i want to explore. We were exploring amid the 2400 yew trees it does take a lot of work this is a lot of trimming of hedges you don't plant for a quick. 400 years at least i don't have a guarantee an email is over 400 years i can enjoy it but there is a guaranteed of foreigners take it up with me personally but this means is on the sprawling grounds of leeds castle in kent england. People always want to play with mo. What's the ultimate playful. People have been trying to solve these playful puzzles for centuries millennium if you consider labyrinths labyrinth has no choices at all it's a single. Animes house junctions and choices labyrinth started 5000 years ago there was a great labyrinth of. Not after 4 and a half thousand years labyrinths or mazes started appearing in it. In. Fisher has worked in 43 countries building 700 mazes. Do you see yourself as an as an artist. Commissions include perhaps counter-intuitively the airport in singapore. The maze in the 2023 thriller saltburn is. You have also done corn mazes through corn field in pennsylvania. Is macy's have set guinness world records he's been recognized by royalty and his maze at winston churchill's birthplace blenheim palace is featured on the 5-pound. Helen bozner wilton is the chief executive of the leeds castle foundation this site draws about half a million people a year. Board of visitors say about the. This complicated i've been through it but i would think you'd be able to find your way out you would have thought but a lot of people can't that's new dead end there is stout family from oklahoma was having trouble finding their. Roman dodecahedrons. Has the twists of one of his creations. As a teen he built a maze in his father's garden then while in business started doing side trips to castles to make a pitch. Wouldn't it be wonderful if you had amazing in the grounds of your. Then he proves one does not need a castle not everybody has a maze in their backyard know we can do something about that but. 20 years ago at his home in dorset england. This is good english weather for mays growing edge growing. Will you and your wife come out and use your maze you're familiar with how. It's an opportunity to. What better way to boast than with the status symbol of kings and queens. How many of us can i have a large enough garden to do something which has no other purpose than to be joyful and entertain. It makes his design. History and a very old-fashioned form. Of adventure. That's very fine showing his comic side in the grand budapest hotel. The versatile and busy british actor is starring in two new movies and in conversation with our martha te. The throne of the holy. The cardinal tasked with running the gathering of the entire college of cardinals in rome to select a new pope. St peter's. Magnific. Sir. The public face of the. Just be. The sistine chapel inside also magnificent where the election of a pope is concerned literally the room where it happens. But as imagined in the film. Not serene at all conclave is a taught thriller secret for so long this is a conclave's stanley tucci john lithgow and isabella rossellini navigate. I know. That would be no mystery. And therefore no. This doubting thomas is a very refined sort of. I like characters that have. Contradictions inside. Since i read it how i love this this is a human he's not a. He's a good man trying to find his way. I was brought up a catholic and then i re. When i was 13 my mother was a committed catholic. Gold questions have been in my family. Since i was a child did. Come away with anything answered of your own questions. No i came away with more questions. We use that lovely lion at a 16th century palace of different areas different epoch's one of the rome locations that stood in for the. So perhaps it's time you decided. In this key scene with tucci finds let's. That even his conflicted. Has ambitions to be pope john. I would choose. I used to think that acting was about becoming someone else you changed completely and you were not recognizable to certain extent it can be about that. As i've got old. The springboard is. What will the people say when they see i have returned. Find now 61 play some disuse the ones proud king finally home after the trojan war. And also just i think not not at all the. Find how to transform himself physically for the. We said he should look. Like he's like literally he's been. Slowly reclaiming his identity odysseus finally faces his wife pain. Play by juliette binoche what is the queen. The chance to work again with bonache a long time friend with what convinced finds to do the film their third together we've been given this gift to these famous iconic. It may sound a bit very very but i think all actors this role has come to me and i meant to do it i don't know how it's going to turn out i meant to do this it's come to me and this other person is doing. I found. The english patient was another one of those for both of them. 819 academy awards including best supporting actress for binash finds received one of his two career oscar nominations. He's played dozens of singular characters good and bad. In both films and play. The police are here in addition to gustav in the grand budapest hotel she's been murdered. He was voldemort a noseless monster in the harry potter series and the nazi concentration camp common dog schindler's list. Is robert moses supremely confident could do power hungry. The man who shaped 20th century new york city. Where you can wrap it up with anger and contempt and there's no there's no compromise and it's shocking and that some people find it but it's thrilling to play. In new york last week discussing acting. He described the excitement of playing arrogance before you challenge your audience with it argue with me if you dare you will not win i know the answer and that's a great provocation have any of the characters you've played. Affected your life after you've. What character is mark q there's also a time of a kind of morning if you've loved playing a part in it you've given me everything. It's not. You let go of the park but you're feeling a kind of mental exhaustion so you need time to just. Shake it away i must see her myself. But only until another. Well. I could take off a few shakespeare parts of well no nips and parts that actually that's not really i like i want to be surprised. Buy a new script something i've never heard of and you go oh yes oh my god what is this new thing i've never i have not heard of it i'm not read the source material it's and this all feels it feels good it feels right. All right let's be. If you're a content creator blogger or an entrepreneur just getting started the last thing you want to do is spend hours building a website that's where bluehost comes in their ai tools make custom wordpress sites in minutes no coding no stressing you also get built-in marketing and e-commerce tools to grow your business and with faster loading you can secure the bag without the lag it's never been easier to launch your website go to bluehost.com now to get started. You know that feeling when your favorite brand really gets you. Deliver that feeling to your customers every time. Memorable moments like these are key to building your business and your. Klaviyo turns your customer data into real-time connections across ai-powered email sms and more making every moment. So you can continue to build smarter more meaningful relationships with your customers. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. And make every moment count with clay. Learn more at k l a v i y o dot calm slash bfc. We hear a lot of talk about the southern border in the news. And on the campaign trail. But it seems very little of that talk comes from people who actually live there. So we sent lee cowan to texas. To. Along the banks of the rio grande the raw emotions in our debate over the. Razor wire in the fortress of shipping containers in the orange floating bar. Put the desperation is pretty clear. In the discarded footwear and clothing. And in the makeshift markers of those who lost everything trying to enter the us. Even. That duality has always been the reality of eagle pass texas a town where main street in mexico have met since the end of the mexican-american war just like anywhere else where like you have the everglades culture you have appalachia you have the ozarks this is the border culture 30,000 residents of latino or mexican descent. We went to the lafayette academy all right. What is the debate over the border has heated up. Eagle pass has found itself in the political frying pan. The impression of eagle pass is it's a dirty little town with no control on the. That is. Eagle pass fire chief manual mellow says his hometown got a lot of attention when a surge of illegal crossings made headlines just before christmas last. 2 months old 6 months old 10 years old when you see these guys coming back with their. Hit song thin and their eyes already know if they've seen something. But he says his compassion gave way to anger. There were a lot of my. When you start seeing people tattooed all the way up with different gang insignias you can tell you can tell i have used a clause in the constitution that it powers states to defend themselves in an unprecedented. Texas governor greg abbott sent in the national. And may the riverfront look well like most military outposts. It's all part of his operation lonestar at 11.12%. With the federal government. Over control of an international. There's some people that really don't want the law enforcement or the military in eagle pass i personally i don't have a problem. What others. Show force is nothing but an expensive band-aid masking the human element of migration. They've traveled for hundreds if not thousands of miles they've been attacked they've been beaten they've been raped some of them have been killed. And when a little river like that is in the way they're not going to stop. The troops took over a riverfront park as a base of operations effectively closing it to the. I don't have access to the river anymore i can't get in i can't get in the water. And even if he could he says he'd be dodging patrol boats so that's pretty constant yeah that's what i run into every time that i'm on the river. Please show. Almost anyone who wants to use the park these days. We can't go in there and have our festival we can't go in there and have our soccer games we can't go in there and use our frisbee we can't go in there and play baseball. But has it work. Border statistics can be a bit. Last month crossings nationally with their lowest points since 2020. The biden administration would like to take credit for that and. But texas republicans and many others in the go. Say as a deterrent operation lone star not only. But should be modeled elsewhere nice weather beautiful day but a very dangerous border we're going to take care of it thank you everyone from donald trump to the speaker of the house even elon musk black stetson at. Have come here to eagle pass to tell the. Get a successful what's going on and and so you can get the kind of like the real story but local say rarely does anyone venture far from a photo album you know they weren't visiting the schools or the hospitals or the or the shelters know they. Come into the river we are the poster child of operation let's start that's what everybody wants to talk about people get yoseline real hot here in eagle pass and like many here. I think it's time for the troops. How to give the river. The locals and i wanted to really introduce that idea before we can start talking about what's happening. Within our own back. To create a traveling art. Is it called the border is. When you look around is it a bit nostalgic of what eagle pass used to look. I think a lot of these photographs a lot of these paintings is all nostalgic for cultural identity. What the border used to look like before the wall before the. Is there a vibrant sun. Whimsical tortillas poignant portraits of families and portrayals of what it feels like not to be. It kind of reflects as you can see the feeling of isolation in the irony of being called an alien. Most of the works aren't overly political she says just ref. About what it means to live on america's welcome mat for the unwelcome one depending on how you see it this past spring texas governor greg abbott welcome soldiers to a new forward operating base that still under construction. The balance between creating a safe border and a hospit. Is a line that voters far away from eagle. Who. Just a few days from. 89% of business leaders say ai is a top prior. The right choice is crucial which is why teams at 1/3 of fortune 500 companies use graham. Grammarly is the right ai assistant for your. With top tier security credentials in 15 years of experience in responsible ai grammarly is how companies like yours increase productivity while keeping data protected and private cy over 70,000 teams trust grammarly at grammarly.com / enterprise. Credit karma is your evolved financial assistant making managing your finances simpler and more tailored to you join us at creditkarma.com to start your personalized financial journey today and continue to grow with our innovations credit karma evolve your finances. Steve hartman this morning has a story about brotherhood. At clemson university in south carolina the clemson life program gives students with intellectual disabilities a chance to learn life skills for independent living so we are going to do grocery shopping today but as much as the program offers junior charlie mcgee wanted the whole college experience from alpha to omega why did you want to join a fraternity. The have like a great time and explain the same that brotherhood and more. Unfortunately rushing a fraternity is a process their interviews and mixers and even then there's no guarantee of acceptance. In fact no fraternity here had ever taken a kid from the clemson life program. He was so excited he ran out of his left shoe and into the loving arms of his new fraternity brothers at pi kappa alpha the song run towards us if we just lost it and then after that i was just wrong motion of all of us just taking him in that was one of the coolest. The guys told me at first some of the members doubted a person with down syndrome could fit in with the group but they were willing to do charlie the favor only to learn later the charlie was the one doing them the. The joint light that we were missing in our chapter that we didn't know we were missing from the beginning this is unreal he kind of broke all the all the preconceived notions that i thought of that a fraternity man should be like others have come to the same conclusion this year a total of six fraternities and five sororities all welcome students from clemson life and according to charlie it will be a game. Because he says something magical. Whenever. My disability it doesn't really exist. When you're with your fraternity brothers you feel like your disability doesn't exist. A rush. All shapes and sizes and they're too she's due to huggies has more curves and outstanding active fit babies no matter what kind of but you've got you'll feel comfortable while you're mushy little touchy wiggles and giggles all around get your baby's butt into the best fitting diaper. Huggies little movers we got you baby. Thank you for listening please join us when our trumpet sounds again next sunday morning. If you like this podcast you can listen ad free right now by joining wandering plus in the wondering app before you go tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey and wondering calm slash. There's a lot going on right now mounting economic inequality threats to democracy environmental disaster the sour stench of chaos in the air. I'm brooke gladstone host of wnyc on the med. Want to understand the reasons and the meanings of the narratives that let us hear. And maybe had to head them off at the. That's on the media specialty take a listen wherever you get your podcasts. 1968 there was nothing like it was not always instantly accepted access to the treasures in our archives but that's all about to change will you tell me something if you can will name no names i'm seth do of cbs news and i'm excited to introduce a new podcast from 60 minutes called a second look the team at 60% of tapes and reels of film and you're about to hear some of the sound that was never broadcast like 21 year old taylor swift songs. 