Hi everyone i'm renee brown and this is unlocking us welcome back to the final episode in our 8 part series that i am calling on my heart and mind we started the series with my conversation with valrico on the power of revolutionary love the importance of a multicultural democracy what it means to be a sage warrior i've talked to the stunning dr sarah lewis on her book the unseen truth. Roxane gay on her essay on black gun ownership. I talked to mary claire haver my friend obgyn on menopause. And the epic failure of the american medical. Field. Focus research and learning on women in their 40s and 50s and beyond. Had a great conversation hard conversation with my sister's on grief and love and unexpected joy. My mom died on christmas day last year and. We were her primary caregivers along with my husband and we fought and loved and struggled and we talked about what we learned about ourselves and each other. And in. Final episode of what's on my heart and mind i am so. Ungrateful to share a conversation with you that i had with vice president kamala harris. What software do you use at work the answer to that question is probably more complicated than you want it to be the average us company deploys more than 100 apps and ideas about the work we do can be radically changed by the tools we use to do it so what is enterprise software anyway what is productivity software how will ai affect both and how are these tools changing the way we use our computers to make stuff communicate and plan for the future in this three-part special series decoder is surveying the it landscape presented by aws check it out wherever you get your podcasts. Hey scott cow laying on our podcast pivot we are bringing you a special series about the basics of artificial intelligence we're answering all your questions what should you use it for what tools are right for you and what privacy issues should you ultimately watch out for and to help us out we are joined by kylie robison the senior ai reporter for the verge to give you a primer on how to integrate ai into your life so tune in to ai basics how and when to use ai a special series from pivots sponsored by aws wherever you get your podcasts. I want to see a few things about the podcast before we jump right into it the first is. I am an unapologetic. Paris wall supp. I have studied leadership for the last couple of decades i have been inside of many many of the fortune 100 companies kind of in this country and around the world inside of ngos worked with military leaders leadership is something that's really important to me and. This conversation is really the conversation that i insist on having. With ceos and executive directors and military commanders before i agree to do work within their organization you know if you take a ceo and corporate sector i can listen to earnings calls i can track stocks i can read engagement data and performance data. But what's really important to me is to sit down with a leader. And understand their capacity for full presence. Understand their values understand what they believe in. Why they're fighting for what they're fighting for and that's what this conversation is. I think vice president harris has done an incredible job speaking to policy writing about policy if you go to her website there's detailed policy everything from foreign policy economic policy abortion. Guns things that matter from the moment we wake up to the moment we go to sleep. This is a conversation about who is she what does she believe in why is she fighting. I will tell you that. In terms of high-performance high-stress leaders. I've met very few as solid as vice president harris i'm excited to bring you into the conversation. Vice president. Vice president kamala harris welcome to us thank you. Thrilled and ready to dig in. We're going to start where we start all of these. Tell us your story. And start from the very beginning. I've heard bits and pieces but i want to i'm going to ask her questions along the way okay so i am one of two daughters who we were raised primarily by my mother my parents divorced when i was five and i'm the eldest and my mother had two goals in her life to raise her two daughters and to end breast cancer. And one of the very few women and certainly one of the very few women of color and a lot of my. Work on women's health was formed you know. Growing up. Listening to her and watching her passion about the need for women to have dignity in healthcare system we grew up in an incredible neighborhood where. The kids we would ride our bikes. That's it. And so i had the blessing of a really great childhood because it was like it was a working-class neighborhood of you know i tried to explain to people. Have you ever known a neighborhood where people are they're proud of their lawn oh. You know what i mean. Out. Trim in their roses out there mowing their lawn and just pride and neighborhood pride and community it was the kids of the community. We were raised. Where i talked about this which is that i had. And have an incredible family. And it is the family that i have that is by blood and it is the family that i have by love. And that's how i was raised that you create your family as much as you are born into your family right right. And so i grew up with you know this expectation also. A joke about it we were raised in a community of people that told all of us as kids that we were special. We weren't particularly special but. They told us we were and we believed them right and i think that. In parenting. There are certain things that we do for the children in our lives that teachers do so beautifully that we can all do that is just about. Inspiring a kid. Believe that they are loved and they are special. And then you create a high standard for them and they know they're supposed to rise to it you know i mean i see you right yeah and i see. Do you know how kids are specially you know like 12 and under and you tell them that and they just start walking around with their chest out on their. And that's one of the best things you can give a child. And then you let them explore and you and you tell them they are special which also means and we expect a lot of them so that was i'm going to pause you here okay. Because this is if you look at the parenting research. This follow-up piece is. Which is not your special. And you don't have to work at anything not your special and you don't have to do anything you're special and therefore therefore. I mean i was part of and i am like this with our kids and with you know i have baby nieces so i just love to pieces they're my niece's children and when you turn into like your 20s and then you look at your parents and you're like it these are all the things you did wrong right. And i remember saying to my mother. You never took my. Because. If i came home with any problem. Come here let me hug you. Oh honey let me take care of it the first thing she would do is look at you and say. What did you. Later. Is that she was teaching me and us. Reflect on what your agency was at that moment. And what was your responsibility and to the extent that you can. Control it don't let things happen to you. Okay i have to pause you again here because this is my nerdy research thing. Emotion of possibility hope is actually. Mostly taught by parents and a learned cognitive behavioral process what's interesting about it. Is the positive correlation between hopefulness and a sense of agency. Goal i can set a goal pathway i can find a path to it that includes plan b c d and e of plan a doesn't work. Ryan agency i believe in my ability to do it. Play the hope is the driver's license. Let's talk about your agency here. In a way that also requires you. I think it's very important to also in any situation and certainly it's a rule for today among those who call themselves leaders. Think about it in the context of reflection. What. What could have happened. What role did i play and what happened and what role did i play. It could be something where you should critically analyze it. Or to know that that is the that there's a lesson learned right. I mean it's a hallmark of courageous leadership it's a hallmark of our leadership work is that your ability anytime you're giving corrective feedback or coaching. To anticipate you're going to have a. As a leader i'm very hard on myself. And one of the things that i feel and take very seriously is my responsibility to be. Prepared. I've never seen an elected leaders all the time but i feel. That i owe other people to respect of knowing your time is important right and it the very least i can do is respect that. In terms of what they've had to do in their day to meet with me. What dave had to put aside to do that. But there are these things that are about just what is your role in a moment. Of responsibility. And also. Can i give a speech years ago. About the distinction that i see between. Duty and. Will i have a little extra to give and i will be a benevol. And i will give you some of what i. Is the responsibility that you have is not an option know it is a responsibility you should not expect to be applauded for it because it is actually what you're supposed to do and i connect that to something i've seen my whole life and then most recently when i visited the aftermath of hurricane helene. And i went to a lot of the relief centers and you've probably seen this houston. And what you've probably seen there and i've seen throughout my life. It is often the case that the people who have the least to give. Give the mouse. 100 the time right i mean we actually see that in the research on charitable giving right it's incredible. It's incredible. And that's what i mean about. It's not if you. I have two pennies i give you. Tell me it makes me. It just makes me emotional as somebody who's lived through. Right yeah. Play hair and their f-150s pulling their boats you know gator fan boats all kinds of stuff with all kinds of interesting and croutons on them but they were they were putting us in those boats and so. I have to ask you a question and you can just say i'm wrong i'm sensing some serious firstborn energy here but there is certainly something to birth order period. Being told to look after your sister. Tell a story about i am the oldest of four and and you know sometimes my therapist will say like this really like this really inflated sense of importance and i was like when you grow up hearing. Put the toilet lid down are your sisters will die you get a pretty big sense of like wow every decision i make has pretty big consequences right okay i've got to ask you this question you get to howard. I heard it was a houstonian. That term that created the term is it is it c ^ 3 was the name that i was given by my sorority when i joined the sorority we all had our nickname and that was mine and it stands for cool calm and collected so yeah that was a very long time ago and that was the name i was given i had to track it back because i actually started the research on the short hair cut yeah oh you did yeah because someone sent it to me. In this moment of excitement about you running and said she had to listen to depeche mode look at the haircut we're going hard and i was like okay my husband loves depeche mode and i am not it's not my thing it's just so that's funny you say that. Sorority when i joined was a houston. Yes yes yes. Okay first time you fell in. Oh goodness in high school did you did you get your heart broken or did you break someone's heart. I didn't get my heart broken i kind of just. I went to college you know brothers also i mean. But my best friend from kindergarten is still one of my best friends know in fact she's been out campaigning for me in north carolina knocking on doors let's go right. I love my girlfriends like i we have a sisterhood like i have. My sister and in addition my chosen sisters. Cool we have traveled life together right i am godmother to their children our husbands are like brothers right and it's a big part of my life. It's a big part of my life and it's a big part of. A mentor a lot of women and men. Including our kids including. Adult. No you have a choice. Who will be in your friend. And. Those people who. Are going to root for you those people who are not going to judge you but at the same time we're going to say. Girl you need a mint those who will laugh with you when you trip and fall and then they'll pull you back up and push you out. And and sometimes i just simplify this way cuz i did that a long time ago in my. I'm not going to have mean friends. But you have to be you have to be intentional about these things. Especially if you ever experienced i mean one of the things that we do with our kids is we do this little metaphor where we have them put a little like protect there's a flame in their hand and say when you get really bright and shine make sure you don't hang out with anyone that comes by and blows it out because your lights too that's beautiful and that's right and and we have to teach and including other adults you actually you have. The. To not have mean people in your life and to sit back and actually be intentional about. How do people make you feel and it doesn't mean that people are just blowing smoke that feels bad too actually does and it will not take you to a good place no right and there's no trust in that no but there's not and there's no safety in that either right. Yeah it's really interesting i saw a quote the other day that said. How someone treats you says more about you than them how you allow them to treat you as more about you. That's great yeah and i think that's true and i think that's adult friendships. That's good work it's work that can be joyful. An important yeah it can be hard but. The most important people in my life i have two identical twins. When my parents brought them home in new orleans i was like. Holy crap are both of them staying like this is a little bit late period only on occasion and only ones and usually around like thanksgiving dinner i just wanted to go this way and i said what did you want ashley said i just wanted you to stop telling me what to do mostly i was like. Well you and i have had that experience of our mother's passing and and what. And during an illness what that does right cuz it's interesting the relationship between adults siblings in the context of your parents. Can have the effect of having you revert to your 12 year old self oh my god i mean all the sudden right like scooby-doo is on and the world but you are just back to me it's not pretty. We've been studying like courageous leadership during leadership for 15 years yeah yeah we have found that daring leaders often have one or two values that are core to them and we all have a lot of values but one or two that are core where every other value is forged what would you say as a leader that your primary one or two val. How would you identify them. Yeah they're probably directly connected. Fairness and justice. That's really really important to me and justice i mean i have. I mean i it is it prompts me to act if i if. See something that is. Un gesture on. And at the same time fighting for that for others is something that is a real motivator of mine and actually will you know cause me to have a very almost emotional. Feeling about the importance of. Fairness and justice. Okay another leadership question. I've been watching you. Making a funny joke and it's interesting i see in you. There's a generational difference in leadership so folks who are. 1015 20 years older than us come from a brand of leadership that is very command and control. It's somewhat ego protective and our generation is kind of caught in between that and. Highly collaborative. Right highly coalition building absolutely. And in the best moments. Surrounding ourselves by experts. Who are high performers have deep knowledge and understanding and great strategy skills. You seem to move toward coalition and collaborative leadership is that a fair assessment. My lived experience is to know that the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates us and okay so. I love nobody over 40% with conflict pull out a venn diagram and it was one of her first and she's trying to pull out the venn diagram and i was like okay we're going to figure out where is the intersection and then let's figure out where you're going to fit into it i literally still have this venn diagram. But i i just think that if we work toward. Coalition building we are stronger as a society i just know it and i know that when you bring together. Seemingly different people. And you bring people around a table you can watch. The silos breakdown. And everyone leaves a bit. Evolving in some ways devolving. People are feeling alone. And when you feel alone it's very disempower. When we can bring people together. And they see the commonality it is then empowering of the individual. As well as what it does for the collect that's right that's right yeah i mean. That's actually the secret sauce of high-performing teams and it doesn't matter whether i'm working with a corporate team and ngo team a military special that that is you're not alone and. We are more alike than we are different. I have to say something now because i'm getting i'm trying to win the over-under on not cussing during the podcast but okay i have to say this what you're describing is very different than what i saw from the previous trump administration and certainly a stark difference in what he's committing to do in the next 4 years if he's president and i want to talk about something really specific and this is very difficult for me just as a woman as a person but also someone who is study leadership for decades. He's talking about loyalists not experts in positions of authority. People that will serve him. Not our country. Including most recently a comment. About using the military against americans who disagree with him. The anime was in he talks about the enemy with. American citizens. I have to understand or i want to understand i don't have to understand but i want to understand. If i were working in an organization a fortune 100 company. And i saw a leader surrounding. Himself or herself with loyalists who serve. Rather than a mission and a purpose and shareholders are aboard that would last 5 seconds. Do you think this fear about. Putting loyalists in place. Is it is a real fear it is a very real. And we have heard. Look the people who know donald trump best who worked with him. Members of his political party. Worked with him inside the oval office inside the situation room. Who were his chief of staff most recently the one who spoke out of four star marine general. His national security advisor two secretaries of defense and his former vice president. Have all said he is unfit. Donald trump is someone who has said he would terminate the constitution of the united states. To uphold and defend the constitution of the united states six times. Twice as attorney general as the united states senator announced vice president. They're very few. Did you make to your spouse to god but to the constitution of the united states. Is the highest. The most sacred. Did any office holders specially president of the united states. And this man says he would terminate the constitution of the united states. And talking about enemies within i mean that harkens back to like mccarthyism know yeah i mean it's like a straight line it's a short line it's a short walk. And and. The fear. Is real and legitimate and very well founded but what i urge everyone to do is. Do something with that fear which is understand that. As long as we hold on to it have a democracy. And in a democracy in our country the people have the power through their vote. To determine. Who will be their leaders and who will be president of the united states and the direction of our country right now we are truly at an inflection point. We are truly at an inflection point. Authoritarian rule does not come. Into power. With 1950s grainy black and white movies of tanks rolling in organs being held to people's heads. In almost i mean if you look at hungry if you look at that i mean like what's happening is we vote someone in. And so this yeah the enemy within. What is ai actually for everybody is talking about ai wall street is obsessed with ai ai will save us a i will kill us it's just a i a i a i everywhere you turn but what does any of that actually mean like in your life right now that's what we're currently exploring on the vergecast we're looking for places and products where ai might actually matter in your day-to-day life and i don't just mean for making your emails less mean so i guess that's good too lots of big new ideas about ai this month on the vergecast wherever you get podcasts. Food insecurity still affects millions of individuals around the globe and nestle a global leader and nutrition health and wellness understands the importance of working together to create lasting change nestle's partnerships extend beyond just financial support from building urban hoop houses to producing custom seasoning for food banks nestle and their partners actively engage with local communities listening to their needs and working together to find innovative solutions nestle is committed to helping support thriving resilient communities today and for generations to come to get together we can help to build stronger healthier communities learn more at nestle.com. Can i run something by you. It's it's a theory that i have about what's going on what i see going on and i see it from a different perspective than probably political cuz i study human behavior and emotion. I actually get the attraction of the trump vance approach and i'm going to tell you why i get it. I get it because. We are not neurobiological hardwired for uncertainty antonio damasio is a neuroscientist he always said don't ever believe that we're thinking machines. Who had feelings we are feeling machines who on occasion. And so which is the key to the survival of the species which is the key to the survival of the species and so what ends up happening i think with this kind of. Is. It is really good reality television it is kind of what we would call the social sciences emotional pornography that the country is somewhat numb to a base level of emotion i think cuz we've been through so much the last few years that it takes extraordinary emotion to get our attention. The emotion. And what ends up happening is a strategy of emotional. Just kind of emotional nuttiness. And then. You i find you. Standing in front of not fans with hats on that match your campaign. But undecided voters talking about the middle east and ukraine and economic policy and that is i mean really i hate this metaphor but i am a fifth generation texan my grandpa would say damn girl you brought you brought you brought a knife to a gunfight like you're talking about you're talking you're actually talking about what's going to in my opinion and i'm not being. Overwrought. You're talking about the things that i believe could keep my children alive. You're talking about how it's going to work and i'm going to tell you something we are going to win. It is not going to be easy. We are going to win. I believe. That the majority of americans. Not only love our country deeply i believe that right but understand. But at the end of the day. The true measure of the strength of a leader is not based on how you beat down it's based on who you. That's what we teach our kids. It's what we want in leaders in terms of how they look at us and think about us. And you know i talked about it on the campaign trail because i truly believe people are exhausted with the trump er. That no matter what the difference is between. We know that it is not healthy and it does not strengthen us as a nation to have americans pointing their fingers at each other know right it's. It's not only is it exhausting it is. Play traumatizing to track that level of emotionality in rhetoric especially. Is there in the study of power we talked about power over versus power with and power 2 and in the type of leadership freedom from freedom to yes yes exactly and so the leadership you're talking about is power within two. The problem with power over there's a lot of problems with it but the biggest the biggest thing i've seen over the past 20 years of my career. Is to maintain power over. You have to be willing to exercise occasional cruelty against vulnerable populations otherwise you don't lose that fear that power over. Depends on. It is demeaning but it is all it's traumatizing in what we know and you know you're the expert at this table. Tra. It numbs the individual it numbs the people and when we are numb we will not achieve our capacity. Not to mention we will not achieve not only our capacity in terms of productivity. But in terms of a quality of life i mean. I think about it and i think it is an important thing to think about you know what what brings you joy. Think of it this way if you've ever tried to talk with someone who is depressed. And you try to literally and figuratively open the curtains and say look it's the. It's a beautiful day and they can't see it. There is something about trauma that is very similar in terms of it blunts our senses and ability to. The good the things that will bring joy it's not healthy. And so we have to to your point diagnose it and we have to treat it and one of the ways to treat it ultimately. Is not only to deal with the symptoms but deal with the cause. That's what i'm trying to do. You know i want to talk to you about this because i think this is interesting. One of the emotional polls that my friends i've talked to a lot of people preparing for the interview some you know cuz that's what i do but like just the research and. Undecided. Some voting for you. I want to. Talk about. The emotional pornography that's being used and the false narratives so. Part of the narrative that's really being used i think buy some extremists and not. I i don't know how to say out loud. When you think you're the party or the people who own toughness. God patriotism responsible gun ownership and family than anyone who disagrees with you. Is not patriotic that's interesting hates god. Is we cannot tough and what is crazy about that is. There is a moment. At the democratic national convention. When i i saw this still photo of you. Below you were people holding signs that say we fight when we win. And i was like this is one of the first people in my party. To acknowledge that we have to fight to win. You're not afraid of owning the fact that sometimes winning takes fighting absolutely and here's how i think about that if you know what you stand for it then you know what to fight for. Stop fighting for the sake of. Say that again if you know what you stand for you know what to fight for. I stand for. Freedom of women to make decisions about their own. I stand for the fact that we should. Treat each other with dignity and respect by stand for the proposition that we need to lift up working people and give them access to opportunity these are the kinds of things i stand for so i fight for them. And if you look at the history i think of our party. The expansion of liberty and justice protection of people and the values we hold dear you know we are tough as nails so. I love the fact that. This was. See how much the walls children adore their dad i know and it was beautiful and i thought for a moment. Carl jung said that paradox. Disability to hold seemingly contradictory things. Is the most important spiritual gift we have and the closest thing that captures the truth to being human and when i saw you fight to win and i saw the walls family what i thought is. These are not different things these are born of the courage to love and the courage to lead you're absolutely right. And you hit it on the head because. It is not only if you know what to stand for you know what to fight for if you love. And i know this is going to sound corny but i love our country. I believe in the promise of america i am empirical evidence of the promise of america. I know what we can do i know what i believe in the foundational principles and maybe that's being trained as a lawyer and one of the reasons i wanted to become a lawyer. I believe that we can make true all of those words we spoke about our commitment to equality to liberty to justice i believe in all that. But none of it will come without us being vigilant. When a democracy is intact what it does to protect the rights and the freedoms in the liberties of its people. Incredible strength. On the other hand. Incredibly fragile fragility. It will only be as strong as our willingness to fight. I want to say something else about in this kind of like fake narratives that are just not true and emotionally resonant for people but untrue. Party gets god like i love god i mean i thought vacation bible school there is no long-term evaluation of how those kids are doing or whether they're you know i'll still okay but like i love god and if you measure your face and your commitment to the sacred not. By proclamation i'm with you i'm so with you but by the willingness to protect the most vulnerable among us. Faith in your works oh my god i was just going to say that. Care how much you say you love god i'm so with you and i have never. I have as an. Purposely not. A lot because i just find that the people who do tend to be hypocrites oh yeah and. I was raised in the black. I was raised to believe in a loving god. And the god that i believe in and pray to is a god that says. Justice have mercy. It is about do good it is about feed the hun. It is about care for the poor and the elder. It is about love thy neighbor it is about the good samaritan who in the face i mean that's one of my favorite the parable of the good samaritan which is you know my way of talking about it is. We should in the face of a stranger see a neighbor. Getting back to what i saw in terms of the relief centers after hurricane helene that's it that is doing the work. Of living your face. Because it is about it is about knowing something even when you can't see it but it is also about the manifesting. And and then making it real and so then that's when you see faith and you have faith right when you see it in the works and the deed. As an expression. Of your deeply held beliefs yes i mean yes and just for the record this is for me don't quote her quote me you don't get god like. And it's just not what we're talking about and i feel i feel i have to tell you i feel the same way. About the co-opting of patriotism yeah i agree like you know i think patriotism is. Protest disagreement debate. And it is the highest form of patriotism i believed to fight for the ideals of our country. That's exactly right. So in this election. Fighting. Fighting for the fact that we will have a president who does not aspire to be a dictator. Admiring people like the president of russia. We will have in our leaders those who. To uphold and protect the constitution of the united states not termin. Isn't that aren't those those examples of what we believe patriotism to be which is the love of our country understanding the oath and the responsibility in particular that elected leaders have to foundational principles. When you need mealtime inspiration it's worth shopping freeze for thousands of appetizing ingredients that inspire countless mouth-watering meals in a matter what tasty choice you make you'll enjoy our everyday low prices plus extra ways to save like digital coupons worth over $600 each week and up to $1 off per gallon at the pump with points so you can get big flavors and big savings. Freeze fresh for everyone feel restrictions. I have to read this to you because when i read this i heard about it on the news but when i read the national security leaders for america letter. So i do a ton of work with the military and with veterans i know some of the people who signed this letter these these people are not kidding around and they're not political people they're not political people and if they were i would imagine they were probably conservative republicans to be honest with you i agree with you yeah and so. We are former public servants this is on september 22nd 2024 we are former public servants who swore an oath to the constitution many of us risked our lives for it we are retired generals admirals senior non-commissioned officers ambassadors and senior civilian national security leaders we are republicans democrats and independents we are loyal to the ideals of our nation like freedom democracy in the rule of law not to any individual or party we do not agree on everything but we all adhere to two fundamental principles first we believe in america's national security requires a serious and capable of commander in chief. Second we believe american democracy is invaluable each generation has a responsibility to defend. That is why we the undersigned proudly endorse kamala harris to be the next president of the united states. Is election is a choice between serious leadership and vengeful impulsiveness it is a choice between democracy and authoritarianism. Vice president harris defends america's democratic ideals. Wall former president donald trump endangers. I as vice president united states i have now met over 150 world leaders. Presidents prime minister's chancellors and kings many of them multiple times were on a first name basis. When we walk in those rooms around the world representing the united states of america. We have traditionally been able to walk in those rooms chin up shoulders. With the earned and self-appointed authority to talk about things like democracy and rule of law that's. Stop being a role. Means people watch what you do to see if it matches up to what you say and look for one opportunity to dismiss what otherwise and perfect though we may be is a gold standard if not the gold standard and i will tell you that part of my. Hope and prayer. For us as a country is. Among the states that we understand are at planet selection that that we all understand how important america is to the rest of the world. I. I hope and i pray we fully understand. What we mean to the rest of the world. Where were people in various parts of the world are fighting for democracy where women are fighting for. Their ability to. Be educated to have rights. Do you know these national security leaders having their support and endorsement i'm deeply honored. But it also is testament to the fact that just like john kelly recently speaking out publicly about his concerns about trump and. Fascism in all of that. Think of their letter as a 911 call to the american people. It took my breath away. They talked about your steadfastness in the situation room they talked about your toughness. And they talked with real fear about what would happen. That trump would remain absolutely unche. And has developed relationships far deeper than what we understand with some of the most dangerous people threatening everything we believe in and this is not 2016 or 2020 he is also increasingly unstable and unhinged. The significance of even the words that you read about. You know i asked people to imagine we can all picture the oval office you've seen it on tv. Imagine the oval office in your head just imagine. On january. Of 2025. If donald trump is sitting. He will be stewing over his enemies list. I think that's true people talk about their fear versus what i intend to do which is sitting there thinking of the american people working on my to do list. Is a big difference. I mean this is goes back to the difference of. Loyalists to serve him that's right and come full circle yes that's right. So fifth generation text and i cannot let you out of this conversation without. Saying that. I'm really scared for the women in my state. I'm scared for my daughter. I spoke monday in san antonio to 7500 educators and i want to tell you something that really. Was devastating to me on stage i was asked by the person facilitating the conversation. What i thought about the fact that some of their members these educators did not come. Because it was being held in san antonio. And they would not come because of the machiavellian abortion laws. And i thought well i believe in staying up for what you believe in and as it turns out. I can barely talk about it. As it turns out many of the women who chose not to come. There are. Pregnant women who do not want to travel to states with trump abortion bands for exactly that reason that god forbid something happens god forbid they are experiencing a difficulty with their pregnancy or miscarriages and absolutely all of a sudden their choices are go to jail or. Again this gets back to. The fact that we must be vigilant and we have to remember that. We can never take our rights for granted. Back to your point about talking with folks about. Whether they should get very activated around this election and knock on doors and tell people why they care and why it matters and why they should vote. This is the day this is the time this is because this is this is and i mean. The fundamental. The knot. That in the united states of america in this year of our lord 2024. That women don't have the right to make decisions about their own body i mean what could be more fundamental we're not talking about property rights we're literally talking about. The right to make decisions about your own body. An in texas. The law provides up to prison for life for a physician a healthcare provider for performing the care that they deem in the best interests of their patient and can you imagine. What's happening now is that i've talked to a lot of physicians and medical school professors. And they're seeing a deck. In their postdocs for she want to go into family or going to family medicine particular reproductive health care. Because these students are they don't want to go to states. Abortion bands. And you already look at the fact that. We still have that the sad reality of america is we still have the highest rate of maternal mortality of any so-called wealthy nation if you look at the reasons behind that it includes the lack of appropriate and adequate care for women. In the context of their reproductive systems whether it be pre-pregnancy during pregnancy. We have so many deserts we call them deserts for maternal care. And you have then the effect that includes that people don't want to go into reproductive health care i'm the first vice president and never has there been a president who's gone to a reproductive health clinic i wanted to go because i wanted to highlight the fact that in these clinics also it's not only abortion care. A planned parenthood nurse practitioner for 15 years exactly right and because you knew and so many people know you walk into that clinic and that's where you're going to be treated with dignity you're not going to be judged it's a safe place that's what these clinics offer usually they are run by women. In many places because of the laws that are present in those states so you're talking about. So many ramifications whether it be students going into to medical practice for reproductive care whether it be clinics closing whether it be pregnant women not wanting to travel whether it be kids like some of my god children who in high school are making college application decisions based on which state. The ramifications of this highlight a fact which is that donald trump threw his decision to put those three members on the supreme court to undo. Has created a healthcare crisis in america this is a healthcare crisis this is a healthcare crisis for. Is up. I'm getting a sign we can keep going but i know like i can sit here and talk to you all afternoon yeah i'm going to end with something that we always end up with it which is part of the rapid fire just one question. A snapshot of an ordinary moment in your life that gives you true joy sunday family dinner. Hands. In in my normal life. I love to cook and sunday family dinner is non-negotiable. Everyone comes whoever's in town they can bring their friends and i cook we have our routines. Sunday family dinner hand. Is. And your commitment to justice and your commitment to duty and service. And i am as activated as i can be and i can't wait for your voice i said it to you before we started the program but. You give voice to so many people who. Brightly must be seen and heard and talk about. Leadership what you do with your voice and your platform is really built community in a very important way and i thank you for that cuz that's in the best interest of all of us so thank you and it's great to be with you i look forward to talking with you again i do. I really appreciate you all being here for the conversation. About. I guess i was surprised in some ways i don't know why about her values it completely checks out. That fairness and justice. Are the deep deep core values that she turns to when things are. We have found in our research one or two that is the space where all other values are forged and it means something to me to have a leader of this democracy that's committed to. Justice and fairness. That's committed to building a collaborative high-performing strategic leadership team around her rather than a team of loyalists that don't serve the country but sir. The. I think in any other sector where you and i would be at work or a non-profits wherever we go every day the team of loyals. Has never gone down. In global history. As courageous meaningful leadership. I hope you vote. I hope you take seriously. The. Oath that maybe we have not taken because we are not formal elected leaders but the oath that we all take as citizens in a democracy. I'm grateful for you i'm grateful for this community. Say awkward brave and kind and vote unlocking us is produced by brene brown education and research group the music is by carrie rodriguez and gina chavez get new episodes as soon as they're published by following unlocking us on your favorite podcast app we are part of the vox media podcast network discover more award-winning shows at podcast fox media.com. Support for the show comes from at&t what does it feel like to get the new iphone 16 pro with at&t next up anytime it's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouth-watering possibilities learn how to get the new iphone 16 pro with apple intelligence on at&t and the latest iphone every year with at&t next up any time at&t connecting changes everything apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with siri and device language set to us in english some features and languages will be coming over the next year 0.00 offer may not be available on future iphones next up anytime feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees terms and restrictions apply c a t t dot calm slash iphone for details. 