Get ready to hear the truth about america on a show that's not immune to the facts with your host dan bongino welcome to the damn by gino show ladies and gentlemen the waiting room is so packed right now in this live. I think we may be the largest live stream in the world right now. And the interview hasn't even started yet and it's not even at a regular time thank you everyone i really appreciative. That you all got here early i know we usually go 11:00 a.m. eastern everyday. We're just waiting on president trump will be here any minute i want to start a little bit early so we get everybody in so when he comes in you can catch him walking and we've got a bunch of questions i took a lot of them from you in the audience and they are right there if you want to sneak. Some of you can pause the screen or screenshot you'll see that and obviously we're going to ask. Questions about the secret service things that are really personal and intimate to my heart i'm very concerned about. I want to make sure you know the president. A really really good decent guy who was portrayed by the media some kind of skeletor like. And that's not the guy. So we're going to do what kind of an untraditional interview i hope you all are cool with that i took some of your question recommendations from you my. And everyone around we got some good stuff i just got some administrative stuff to handle in the beginning the sponsors keep the show free i really appreciate your patience thank you all for hanging president trump will be here any minute he's leaving now we're in new york's my home town i was born here i'd love to tell you it looks a lot different than when i left it doesn't outside of louis vuitton doing a nice little building in the background you got central park over the shoulder what a great view today show brought to you by text network usa hey i asked my friends don't gamble with the irs. That's why you need tax network usa on your side their attorneys and expert negotiators and play aggressive strategies to help settle your irs issues quickly and in your favor even if you haven't filed in one five or 10. What gives tax network usa the edge their preferred direct line to the irs they know the agents to talk to and who to. For people like. Call +1-800-958-1000 or visit tian usa.com. Jen. What's the bags under my eyes would just go away. It sounds like you every morning you're not alone bags and puffing your son to the eyes are a problem for millions of american men and women until. Introducing the new genucel skin care serum with plant stem cell technology for under eye bags and puff. Susan wrote i've been using your self for a couple of months the puffiness around my eyes is gone even the crow's feet and small lines of disappeared. We don't want those crow's feet i love your product i use it under my eyes around my cheekbones and on my eyelids sure you can have surgery to look younger but why aren't you do that but it's instant affects you'll see results in the first 12 hours of your money back i gwar. What are now say big on jenny sells complete skin care package for a limited time order including jenny cell for bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects all at about 70%. You can try the best skincare in the world for yourself completely ris. Go to. Are beams drink tonight you have a little excited today you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep listen i've been there it's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll for sleep can take in every aspect of your life but guess what there's hope on the horizon beam stream. It's been a total game changer for me since we're sleeping well with sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws away and today. Beams dream powder to science back delicious hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar better sleep than ever. Other sleep aids cause the next day. A dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of. Epigenetic and melatonin help you fall asleep stay asleep and wake up. You want to try beams best-selling dream powder beams now offering bongino listeners and exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shopping.com. That's b e a m and use codeine with check out that shop beam.com / bongino use code bongino for up to 45% off and our last sponsor and then we will get to president trump as soon as he arrives. How many people we got in a chat room by the way justin how many people. 176 siri is the biggest stream or not we haven't even started yet thank you guys i love you all you know. I lost a lot of weight you may have noticed everyone's talking about this weight loss injections because the results are. They help lower blood sugar reduce appetite what if you need to lose weight but you don't have the money for these expensive. You don't want to take week. Brickhouse nutritions create a supplement called lean i use it the results are remarkable the study ingredients of lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar convert energy and by burning body fat and curb appetite and. Lee's not only for the diet with only a few pounds to lose the doctors at brick house nutrition created lean for frustrated diners with 10 or more pounds to lose so let's get you started with 15% off and free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise. Does it take me in leander comma enter code dan 15 for your discount. Is promo code dan 15.com these statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda not attend diagnose street cure prevent any disease or condition not a sub. Four alternative for care for my healthcare provider thank you lee thank you. We've been doing a lot your show is going great huh how many people we got watching right now. 290,000 people in the show just started so we'll be the biggest shark. Because the mega crowd is the most loyal people have never seen your crowd is mega right oh my god pretty much they're like super extra. And then eddie's campaigning now in pennsylvania. So i got a couple questions for you i appreciate your time okay. The secret service obviously a sensitive topic with me i spent 12 years are protected democrat and republican president something really close to my heart i know you've told the story quite we all. I spoke to you the next day we had a conversation on the phone it was amazing like you told the story almost like you weren't even there you were. I couldn't believe how. You came within inches of. Dying on television is no easy way to put it. And then you had said which i know the people who surround you they're really good people the human services but if we get you in the office mr president we need you. Can we commit today to some kind of commission or reform the secret service we can get some outside experts to make substantive reforms when you're in. Show the people i've met from secret service and i know a lot of them right they're amazing they're really good they had a really bad day in butler. And i don't know whose fault that was you know i guess she go top-level but. That building should have been covered obviously. But if you look at what happened when those bullets started going off they were on top of me really quickly and they were. It's a miracle they weren't hit actually i think the guy. Southern something happened to him something happened. The secret service shooter was amazing because he was very far away and. You spent one. What do you think. How about everybody i've met from the secret service has been so good but they had a bad day there's no doubt about it we're not allowed in this world to have a bad day right now not in this one this is too big. I think they did a good job the second time some people said you should have called him the day before. No he should have never been there but that was a great job that the other secret service the second. Give me like i was i don't think so that guy was it no i understand i understand that they shouldn't have been nowhere near me i understand that both ways the individual guy did an amazing job to see a barrel coming out of the bush know but to see a barrel his secret service. To see a barrel coming out of a bush with something pretty amazing. No it's got to be safe got to be. It's it's really important. How is the report at the report came out yesterday and it confirms a lot of things that i've said being an agent for over a decade of my. You're from the private sector okay i was giving an example i was chatting waiting for you to my audience to come down from your fox interview and what you were doing. One of the toughest places in the world to build you know that you're dealing with bureaucrats unions unions were conflicting interests how you got all this done i don't even know but you. You tell a guy a guy i need 15 floors of concrete in 6 months and he tells you hey we came up 10 floors. You're going with the new concrete company and by the way you're dealing with a lot of interest you know what i mean especially in new york you've been there right that doesn't happen in new york i mean in the government excuse me you were president of the united states you have these failed agencies that that blew it the secret service that did this whole you know yesterday's technology tomorrow we used to laugh with her that they didn't have a drone. So when you get in the office say with someone like an elon. Are you planning on some systemic wide review of the fbi secret services other than ent. We're not doing it this way anymore we're going to produce results for the american people or you're all getting the boot we're out this is it. Will dance you know you have to have the best people and it's all about the people and. I know nothing about you know very little about that al. I've learned a lot over the last few weeks it's amazing you know we had a. O'reilly in butler second rally we had 107,000 people that turned out and it's it's been it's become a great site i don't know if you like a memorial site where cars are riding up and down the road honking their horns from all over the place they're coming from all over the country it's become like what is it in nevada where they have the site with the aliens right now i think it's the largest butler. They ride up and down the side and they. It's beautiful actually. I know the secret service well i. I didn't know the top person but i know the people that work on my detail they're right you know very good you know a lot of them and they're great people. Something went wrong and you can't let it go wrong. I can't tell you you'd be somebody good to look into that you would be good that was your business man you would be good but they got to they got to get it right it's dangerous i'll tell you what being president is a dangerous profession when you think okay i mean forget about me. It's 1/10 of 1% die as a race car driver okay so you take 1% now you take one tenth of that that's what. And these guys are going around the track at 220 mph. The bull riding to me looks like you know that's that's not something i want to do. And it's about the same 1/10 you know they get killed they get killed reagan was shot but when you think about it. A lot of presidents have been. And even assassinated relative to the relative to the number. So i always say this is a dangerous business i never thought of that when i ran you know you think everything's gucci. But it's a nasty business one thing i would like to do. The first. Which i say was a miracle i mean you know it's lucky i moved to the. But if i didn't turn to the right for over immigration say i got. Over a legal immigration to chart my all-time favorite. But but the first. Add three app. And two of them they say we're far. And they haven't opened those apps and i wonder why the fbi hasn't done that the second shooter had. At 6:00 now who has six of them have you ever heard of anyone i. But who has six. And you would think. And they can open them and i guarantee they open it for january 6th all those guys got their sales. So why are they opening so i do ask that question. Why isn't the fbi opening up those. Never know you know where these people are coming from they may look innocent like you know they're nice country boys. They may not be so i'd like to see them open that up and fast and then we'll get down to the bottom of it i suspect there's probably some foreign connections aaron i can't believe i just don't trust the fbi yeah i understand that it's not like we're basing this off some. Hypothetical they spied on your campaign we have the names of the spies i mean i wrote three books. Left-wing sources in. And then they go after the people that went after the spies and spider-man. And if you look it was biden and obama. And i grew up with. The deep state they wanted that forgotten as quick as possible quickly as possible. The fake news media they hate to. My campaign we have it. When i said crime is rampant he said no crime has gone down. Because they didn't include the worst of the fbi correction there were 1699 i got to tell you all the media moments you've had the one that infuriates me the most it's actually a segment on my show is the leslie stahl sir moment sir we can't verify you're the media you loser what do you mean you can't your job is all you had to do is go to the fbi and ask you know it look like i think the worst. Scandal i've ever seen in broadcast history. Will maybe not be as much of a scanner that were republican would have been over when they changed comma as answer they didn't edit. They took her entire would show she was crazy they took it out the entire paragraph and it was a long lots of things they say words out i don't like the term actually. How do you say a word so it was just words like rambling words horrible so they take it out and they put. Another statement that you made two pages. They. And nobody would have known the difference and they got. Cuz they do that with me all the time. Cuz i like to speak a long sentence is parag. And if they take a sentence out like in the middle it really does screw. But but think of this they took the whole thing. And they replaced it. A totally unrelated. Add time. And they put it. And that's the only one that we. That we want them to release the tapes. So i think i'm going to sue. If they do and even if they win it's going to be very embarrassing. Is 60 minutes till i've done it many times i did it with mike wallace the best one i ever had was mike wallace and he was the biggest killer. You know chris tries to be mike but it just you still have to have it it's not but. It's a very embarrassing moment for them but the media is not pressing it you would think the media would be pressing. It's so bad they should lose their license and they should take 60 minutes off the. This is like the 64,000 question many years ago have you ever read the books on television. They caught somebody they gave somebody the answers. He was a very famous though they ended up giving him the answers. The whole thing that it was the biggest scandal maybe in television but this is potentially. Is election interference. They gave her. An answer right it was worse than that they took the answer out and put a new answer. Mr president i think you should call them 61 minutes from now on. Because they had an extra minute for comma so i think it's a mistake to call him 60 minutes you're giving him too much credit so in public speeches just referred him 61 they had an extra minute for comma david. Everything i said. Every single thing i said he. And he was wrong i think on every one of them i'm pretty sure. And he never questioned her and she talked about charlottesville she took all things that have been as they say debunked another time i don't like but it's a pretty accurate. All totally debunked bloodbath they use the bloodbath that was talking about the car industry right now not talking about a blood pressure he use the word bloodbath these people are sick you got to say that they are good at what they do you have to admire it says they are sick you know you and i are new york kids you know i'm just a slight tad bit younger but you remember 1980s times square pretty giuliani you remember the folex is the fake rolexes shows and stuff i mean some of the scammers you might as well you know i don't know that a country. People honest. Democrats don't have to be honest i really don't have to be honest because they're not going to they will never be accused of anything. It's interesting i was so amazed. Harvey weinstein. Schlonged he got hit as hard as you can get. Because he was sort of the king of the world. And yet he got hit and i figured that baby. He wouldn't get hit so hard. But boy did he get you don't know him well i don't know him well but i watch. And it was amazing. So when they do get hit they. But that's the only one i can think of normally they protect everybody. What they did with adams i think is very suspect the virgin coincidental that he comes out with the immigration problem in new york city is the mayor here and all of a sudden i predicted it so he came out pretty strongly against the migrants taking over the city. Is it mary should and not getting. Do you know. 3 billion on migrants in the federal government is not there to pay. But he he won against the. I said he will be indicted within 6 months i know these. Like the range jacksmith is a deranged individual you see he's going to release another manifesto i mean is this the this guy is at before i've never seen anything like it this is like tyranny and the judge is allowing motorcycles and the judge is allowing them to do. It's not even believable this guy is a sick. Then they're going to release something else and always before the election you know they want to do it before the election selection inter. No it's a terrible thing what's happening and the judges. Discharge. Evil person. I never say anything like it she was they all. Well make sure you don't get. Because you don't have to get approved by lots of different people. But they said make sure you don't get shotgun well i have nothing to do with. So you know they supposedly. They pick balls right. I don't think it works that way but that's what they say that's the way it's supposed to be. You pick out of. What judge. Do that forget about the range jack smith you know judge is supposed to keep in touch what church. How do you say we're going to release something you know. A couple of days before by the way would you have almost no ability to respond to he should be making. Everyone in our system is innocent until proven guilty not guilty until proven innocent it's disgraceful it's amazing thing you know what the real. Can i ask you a difference he said it about. 3 weeks ago when jack smith released the first look it up i'm pretty sure it was honing but it was definitely on c. And he was i think a federal pro. I've never seen anything like this where the prosecutor. Gets to release an uncontested memo. With unproven. Not in a courtroom but basically a campaign document it was the most obscene again cnn which let's be honest i hate. The legal analyst for cnn it's the top. It has been against all of this he said trump did nothing wrong i'm so amazed i'm more impressed with that than anything else i've seen on. But you know cuz you'd think they'd try and stop. He is one of the. Biggest guardians of the constitution i mean he really is he's a great lawyer he said this is really unfair but think of it right before the election now i don't even know what it says this is made up by other people has nothing to do with me. And you don't even get a right to answer. It is see that selection interference right there that's cheating on an election. I just had to go for him and i got him around the neck and this was a woman who. I think the testimony is all now gone so what. Here's one of the greatest. The unselected committee of political hack. Cheney all these people chinese you know they say we have a republic. The republicans say that they have kissing and crying and it's always. I've never seen him when he's not. I think i'm crying at him kissing he cries every time you know he said desperate he sees a 6. Those are the two republicans okay so they say the bipartisan committee they were much worse than any democrat the democrats were nothing so anyway. The head. Benny thom. You're. He decided to. Destroy all evidence of the of this year and a half. Everything is gone the reason is because. I was so. And like as an example this one. I won't mention names the girl the person that did that they said. It's been totally. Unconfirmed right it's been unconfirmed the secret service agent said never. Never happened okay first of all you wouldn't be able to do it anymore. It never happened i actually said. I'd love to go down remember peacefully in patriotically do you know they don't mention that in any paper no. Biggest most important part peacefully and patriot. They don't mention that in any paper in any document in anything it's crazy so it was all this. They did you know they they destroyed all over. Now you're supposed to go to jail if you destroy. Even in a civil case you go to jail. They destroyed they. And we have decided to destroy all evidence having to do with the unselect. I love the name unselect because it's called the select committee like it's i call it the un. Can you find a weird that the january 6th unselect committee which i agree is unselect. Do you find it weird they're not interested about why kamala harris was not at the capitol in january 6th but was at the dnc when my mom was outside they keep saying it's an insurrection why doesn't she tell that stupid deal the whole thing is rigged 100% can you get an answer as well i do believe i do believe look this is really the other thing is as you know. They really won in the supreme court okay the fisher case and the various. Why are they still being. Nobody's ever been treated like this nobody's ever maybe the japanese during second world war frank. How about you know they were held. But when you look at portland and the damage they did and killed people. Because other than ashley nobody was killed. Nobody was. And there were no guns involved and these are all gun owners you know these are people that have guns but they never went to the capitol. It's really amazing. It's a very sad i think it's a very sad day in the country's life but they but. End of this. They destroyed. And. All eevee. So now we're not going to know what she said about how i beat the crap out of these two secret service. I was so strong i am just ripped around those big next 24 inch necks i ripped my arm around them and they didn't have a chance can you imagine that but how do i delete it and destroy it you're not allowed to do that secret service so if you get elected i'm really hoping we can get to the bottom we should talk. Can i ask you something else about a kind of a switching gear. You know what the media paint you into this ridiculous you seen the caricatures. You know what i was going through cancer treatment at sloan-kettering i was going in for surgery and i had a bad incident. You called me that day from the white house and i got to tell you i was really touched by the. You are extremely loyal to. And i say to people you know why cuz he's a. And tell me if i'm right here's my theory donald trump theory on queens why you got the bravado and the machismo white of guys really like you and the. Queen's guys we never had the money in the manhattan kids so you don't have like the class like of the manhattan you're not in like the upper crust of this fake caste system we have in new york you know it exists but we're never given the tough guy credit the brooklyn and the broncos are nobody wants to fight them just because they say they're from. Somewhere from. It's a great place to learn a lot of very successful people came out of queens is it's a place of successful people. Priscilla. Baby the bronx to a little bit of. B. It's really. I have seen over the years people. And having a great relationship and the successful then it doesn't work out they go to somebody else and they lose everything. The man behind the woman and the woman behind the man is both his works out both. But i've seen many cases where somebody success. What was somebody else not successful at all. Number one is number one on the list new york times list not to be number one for for trump. To be number one on the new york times list. Not even believable. Do you know what you have to go she had to be number one by thousands of books okay because they're pretty tough on that know she's got the number one bestseller mel. Can i ask you a question about your business time in new york. Put woman. Roman rank is a ice skating rink the city couldn't fix it for whatever 500 years because it's the city of new york it was a train wreck they come to you. They say mr trump at the time where i'm running for president or anything you know can you fix this mess you got it done in record time i don't remember you. What was it was closed for 11 years. My kids were getting older. They kept saying ivanka daddy can i go ice skating. I'm sorry darling the rink is under construction. You have to saying that for 11 years you know for 11 years it's been under construction for 11 years. My darling you're the most beautiful little ice skater but there goes your career cuz you have to start young and they were building so they were building it for 11 years. Just you know numbers that were unbelievable they couldn't get it to. They were building it wrong that the wrong pipe that the wrong system. They use the refrigeration company from miami. Are you going to go to miami for ricky go to canada i went to the montreal can. You have to use a brine system anyway they were using a gas station they had the wrong everything. 50,000 ft. In a little tiny patches so it was all on it and you never said what's your job like. So i took it over so it was under construction for 11 years i got it done. Two and. Tell me a story i had cement trucks going to. I had some in trucks going from the. Back to. You know along the park and i had 40/50 trucks standing there all. Over a 2-day period at one. And then i tried to hook up pipes the whole thing was the craziest. And the people from the montreal canadiens came down and he said oh and you remember they kept stealing the copper pipe you know you put pipe in the concrete but every night they put the pipe in the pipe would be gone the next day the thieves cuz copper is very exp. And i still have water in it warm water. And you have to put salt in the water that way it does it that's the whole. That was a big factor you know it's called brian. It's water and. And it was great and we opened it and i ran it for many years. And de blasio. And by the way i hit him hard last night did you see that were you watching last night so they had the alfred smith al smith dinner last night the big catholic dinner in the plaza. It was great the cardinals everybody was every skip. Everybody was there. I love you a joke about tampon tim by the way that he didn't show up but he's telling everyone he's there a lot of jokes it's actually you're supposed to be a comedian at least for part of your speech say yes it was a great evening of the worst marin history. You know. I think dinkins was really bad i think dinkins was i mean they call them. Jenkins was bad i mean are you and i have been through college dinkins. Mayors of new york giuliani i mean you wanted to times square under giuliani that's actually one of my questions you have bad enough yet new york city. You know you and i lived through the giuliani. You go up you get off the train station in times square you get hit with 7 hooker 20 drug dealers and three card monte guys left and right right. Giuliani gets elected mr president you know as well as i do you walk through times square 68 it's a totally different place so when people tell me donald trump who grew up in that new york and is committed to changing government can't fix things it's it's it's it's it's it's too bad i say bs it was a 1000 times worse in new york and giuliani turned it around like that well it's getting bad i will say it's getting bad bad things are happening and the migrants are making it happen really bad because you know. 100,000 migrants nobody has any idea how. And interesting the mayor said you know this is not sustainable and i said he'll be indicted and he was indicted. Same group that we just talked. And it's let's see what happens i mean let's see what happens with it. Having a young rudy at this moment you know a young rudy because he did he did a great job you saw it this city was a mess this whole place was. And within a couple of years it became the safest big city in the world right that was amazing it was great for you he's got to be given credit for it he did a great job the question from my audience i got i put out a call i said give me some questions for president trump want to hear what you all have to say. Your first term you were new to politics which was a benefit but in a little way has a little bit has a downside and that you don't know all the players your business guy so people recommended you hires you had to get rid of a lot of people a lot of them turned out to be turkey. And they're concerned the second term that we may have that same problem i've told them i know your team i know they get it now. Do you have i'm not asking for any names i don't want you i wouldn't i wouldn't dare but do you have a set of people now you know you can trust him we get in because we're not going to have a lot of time in two years there could be a midterm issue we've got two years to clean this disaster up you feel like you've got a roster like i just got elected and i was only you probably heard me say the story but i was there 17 times in washington dc so i wasn't a washing your person i know really nobody there. Then mostly cuz i was building a hotel in pennsylvania. Avenue and a beautiful hotel. That i sold to the waldorf astoria you know i did it but i did a beautiful job but it was mostly for that so i was i was essentially never in washington so i didn't know people so i didn't rely on people you know for big positions i'm saying hey do you know anybody that can be like this job and that job and generally i got it very good we had lighthizer you know trade we had we had a lot of good guys. But we also made some mistakes made mistakes. Attorney general made mistakes i made. And i don't really blame myself but you know they were highly recommended by rh. And they weren't the right people they just weren't the right people. And there were some other positions to mostly i got a right you know nobody ever talks about the good we had a lot of great people but we had some some. And when i fire them. Immediately the book companies go to them and they say i will give you a book of you say bad things about. If bushfires somebody nobody cares you know if somebody else finds but immediately. When i fire they go to and they write something or they. Lake bolton was a staff he was a dumb guy very stupid guy but actually he came in handy cuz he was a maniac and he always wanted to go to war with me today what's up he wants to buy it so i just went he wouldn't talk because. You stupid but what happened in i bring him into a room with put. Trump wants to go to war with bolton was with bush and you know think. They went into the middle east they bombed the hell out of the place and they left you know. He would go he wanted to bomb anything. He's a. But he was good for negotiating purposes but then after a while you see your. And whenever you fire people. Most people don't care it's like they get fired but there's nobody to write about the boss but if the boss is. I'm thinking maybe get a book. So i believe in fiery paper for instance in afghanistan. Biden should a fire every general and every person involved in that botched job moving the soldiers out first everything they disgrace they should have all been how do you leave the military base first in. Nuclear weapons. Anyway that's where it is. That's the saddest story in maybe the most embarrassing story in the history of our country that whole afghan. We were getting out but we were going to get out with dignity and strength and we were going to get out it was going to be great we had to get out it was 220 years 21 years it was ridiculous. But we're going to keep buying because of china we didn't keep it can i ask you a hypothetical on that same i mean obviously we can't prove a counterfactual but you're the president say that 2020 debacle doesn't happen and you're sitting there in the oval i agree we had to get out of there do you say to them the taliban here's the deal brothers we are leaving but i'm telling you right now. You touch a hair on the head of one of our people. We are going to rain but i didn't say that we didn't have any soldier shot after i spoke with abdullah the leader of the talib. We didn't have any soldier not one soldier for 18 months was killed and biden actually admitted that it is a speech a few years ago. He said well i have to say no soldiers been. We were losing a lot of soldiers over there with obi. I said that if you do it i don't want to say exactly what i said because it's not appropriate but i said. You better not shoot our. We didn't have one soldier killed in to think of it in. And then this horrible thing happened. They should have left from bagram number one not for that. Willows 13 soldiers have many really badly hurt you know with the legs and the arms and the whole. We have americans left behind. You have some very good people left behind you that maybe she should have come with us. They had that airlift was so terrible with people falling off the. It was so bad and we left behind. 80 billion dollars worth of equipment never recovered. Mine is a grossly incompetent man but here's the bad news she's worse she is more incompetent. All right. Folks i'm sorry we got to wrap it up with the present you got it you got a little thing called the campaign coming up and you got to do when i want to thank you for your time i want to thank you for my audience i'm can i ask you one small favor we're going to do election night coverage and i want to do you know franklin graham samaritan's purse so i want to auction off of donald trump sign bongino baseball and give it to franklin graham would you be kind of sign in on camera and that way everybody knows it's real i would so deeply i'm sorry to put you on spotify and everything franklin graham samaritan's purse coming your way i know you like right now he's doing an amazing job i just want to make sure everybody knows. There is we are going to raise a fortune for charity 100% to charity they see you folks president donald j trump just to grab that sharpie we appreciate it so much mr president thanks a lot best of luck in the campaign thank you very much. 