All right let me tell you about the american giant between now and when you vote in november by the way if you have early voting you should vote now you vote with your wall. American giant when you purchase products made in america by american gi. You're casting a vote for american manufacturing american workers american quality because they actually make it the way we used to make things here. We have to start making more things expecting the chinese government to play fair is absolutely ridiculous you know they're threatening taiwan right now president of taiwan is like okay everybody relaxed everybody relax. If they take taiwan you think we're going to be getting goods and services from china. My gosh we've got to start making stuff here and american giant is leading the way. So vote with your wallet. Vote with your wall. It's american dash giant.com they make great clothing american dash giant.com glen save 20% when you use my name at american dash giant.com / glen holy cow do we have a big show for you today standby. Are you kidding me are you watching him it is crazy so he had just gotten off the phone with elon musk and he's just so impressed with elon musk and he so it was a great time to talk to him so we have to break it up cuz i think we talked for like 45 minutes and we talked about absolutely everything it's a great interview we begin that in half an hour and it will take half of this hour and then all of next hour but you don't want to miss a really fascinating and different interview with donald trump we do that you know it's usually the nights when you need really good sleep a solid 8 hours of rest tanya is tanya really does not sleep well and i think it comes from i think it comes from race because when rafe was a baby all the way till even now he's up in the middle of the night always up in the middle he was three years old and he was learning how to crawl out of his crib and so tonya is always on high alert and she can't sleep we were talking about just the other day because i took some relief after sleep because i really needed a good night sleep and she's like i take this every night i don't know why you don't take it every night and i'm like cuz i don't really need it every night she's like i do and it helps her sleep it's z factor from relief factor if you have trouble sleeping this is all natural say 46 percent on your first order it works z factor from relief factor 1-800 for relief 1-800 the number four relief all right i want to talk to you about a couple of things here first of all do we have the kamala harris. I know billy was getting it for us so it's probably an add-on we have. This is a kamala harris doing something very strange. Yesterday first of all she brings back the pose of the thinker where she's just standing and she's holding her fist to her face and she's like huh i wonder i'm just thinking. Listen how bizarre this. And here's the thing here's the thing it makes you wonder it makes you wonder why does his staff want him to hide away she's hilarious one last question are they afraid that people will see that he is too weak and unstable. Everywhere. And she's saying. His staff wants him put his put him in hiding. I don't i mean you want to talk about projection i mean it's it's busy most. Gaslighting but if you only get your news from you know msnbc and her. You might believe that maybe it's the same thing i feel like when they say you know donald trump would know what he might do if he gets it to become president he might he might prosecute his political enemies yeah i know wait a minute where i really feel like you know when they talk about gaslighting and they always use the example of some battered wife yeah yeah he was like you know at home and like you know the the husband's doing something to like change reality well this is this is what it is yes in an abusive relationship right our government went through three and a half years with a president. Who obviously couldn't do the job right obviously was being hidden who didn't do a meeting with congress for multiple years didn't do a cabinet meeting for a full year. A guy who in front of our eyes disintegrated on stage in his first public appearance in forever and they had to switch out the candidate delete their own primary and then she's accusing our side of hiding candidates increase the most incredible gas station you know he's going to persecute his his rivals. Yeah you know how they always say what they're doing always they've done this forever do you remember what they said when the supreme court. Overt. Or or what was it does chevron defense and they said. President trump way they supreme court. President trump could use the cia. To assassinate his opponent yeah i remember that i didn't even think of that until. These assassinations that i'm like good god did they tell us what they were doing then. God and she said that was the presidential immunity he cannot do you cannot the president can do that so stupid of course not but i mean i wouldn't be surprised i mean if you like like if donald trump. When's this election just prepare yourself for every argument you saw on the darkest corners of the internet of. Trump could have overturned the 2020 election to be used by the same people like kamala harris and oliver media allies and they said well this time it's justified to overturn his victory i know i wouldn't be surprised at all if it's going to. It's going to happen this is like i'm losing three weeks away from here something else i can't come fast enough i urge you to pray please pray for the safety of donald trump in this interview i brought up something about safety and. He he's like i don't want to talk about. He is. He is under threat you know biden came out i think it was yesterday. And said you know because we know iran has said. They're targeting donald trump. We know we've already caught one person here trying to target him. Yeah it was targeting him right. Right after the first assassination. There is. Trump has asked and biden has said yes. For some sort of military plane that can fly with his. That will actually be able to. Defend his playing against a surface to air. He is. We have information. That's a way that i. Iran is thinking they could take him out you can't take out air force one because it has those are deaf. But his plane does. And so he just asked for military aircraft. To fly with his plane to be able to do that. I have to tell you. Did joe biden came out yesterday and said that is an act of war. If they kill him. That's an act of war and it is. Even the attempt is in an actor or in my mind that would go for democratic president yes well or former president george w bush they were trying to kill bill clinton. In the. So he said it would be an act of war well. Gang we've got 21 days. Hawaii just i pray. His plane and he is safe please pray for. The safety of all of the candidates. But the one that's really under threat right now is donald trump. Please pray for. It's crazy. No he's not. Hiding the guy should be in hiding and he's not an idiot hiding i mean you talk about his energy levels which are very very high particularly for you know a gentleman of a certain age yeah. I would be terrified frankly i asked you about this because you appeared on stage with them is there a moment where you walk out on stage and you're like looking around just making sure there's not a barrel pointed at you and this is not now not is the security good enough around him now so you have no idea i flew in did i say this yesterday i flew in. I flew in right before his. And we had to get special permission from washington to even. They. Close the airspace clothes for i don't know how many hours. And it went all the way to washington to clear the plane and so we landed and they were like you got to get off the tarmac right now you got to get on the other side of the gate cuz his plane is coming down. They had. Gigantic. I don't know what you what you would even call. You know dumpster trucks these giant construction. You know that you would. You know loads of dirt in gig. Truck. And they had parked them all the way around where his plane. Was. I think it's 10 mi from the airport. It took us about 15 minutes to get. So from the airport to the venue. Every single street had at least one cop car so you're not going on the you had to go on the highway and then one. To the. Every single street every. Had at least two cop cars. At the block and police outside they. Everywhere. When he came back. When when he came in. You know they said mr back can you go into this room for a second and just close the door the president is coming and. So we go and then we get a knock on the door it's all clear. I walk. There are guys now these are i i think this is presidential detail sniper. There is a special that nobody even knows these are the guys that are up usually on the white house at the top of the white house. They're a special. Force that nobody talks about. That protects the president. And i think. That's who these guys were they were all in. I mean it was military they had the helmets on they had you know and they all had their ars at the ready backstage. I mean. The protection on him is unbelievable now so clear message to the any act blue donors who happen to be listening probably not a good time to try anything no try skipping it maybe for a few weeks you know no more assassination attempts see if we can get all the way to the election maybe even without another word please please please pretty pretty incredible. Let me see there was something else. Bill clinton and we talk about this in the interview bill clinton yesterday. Talked about lake and riley. I want you to hear what he said listen to this and not very long ago did you say a young woman who had been killed by an immigrant yeah well if they'd all been properly vetted that probably wouldn't have happened but if they all probably. There wouldn't be a problem i'm shocked that bill clinton's solution to this problem is more sex. On. But he's also right on lake and riley what what is happening. I mean joe biden is throwing her under the bus this i mean it was like he was campaigning for donald trump what do you what do you think about the biden thing right now do you think. Is he intentionally trying to sink her or wait until you hear donald trump's answer on this oh yes ok google. You need to make sure that your home is safe we are we are headed for trouble. Hopefully president trump becomes 47. And we can clear up a lot of this i'd like to know. Has the governor not called out the national guard. Or whatever was needed to take those apartment buildings back. From the venezuelan game why are they still there. Can somebody answer that question why are they still there how many how many apartment complexes were talking about 10 12:00 this is the united states of america you have people taking these did you see the the story in the news today they're now the press has trying to turn this around of course it's donald trump's. But they're turning this around to those those were crap hole apartments. Seriously want an answer from the governor of colorado i want to write him or call him today i want to know why those gangs are still in control of those apartment buildings are we not the united states of america they claimed i mean it was in martha's police have addressed these issues have you seen the report with the guy who was just beaten up. One of the one of the apartment workers just beaten to a pulp it's horrible anyway. You need lifeguard protection in some cities and states now the police are not responding to calls or i'm sorry not responding to alarms. Because you know they'll just be tripped and you'll have to call them so the alarm goes off and then you have to call and say yes there is somebody at my house. Before they'll respond. Lifeguard protection was simply safe does that within 5 seconds they can act on an alarm 5 seconds they can even tell the intruder talk to the intruder say we have your face. On we have you on camera you're not going anywhere. Has already been called. Turn around dude. Protect your home now with 50% off a new simplisafe system plus free indoor security camera when you sign up for fast protect monitoring just visit simplisafe.com back there is no safe like simplisafe 10-second station id so kamala harris. Joe please say no please turn please stop this doesn't make any sense they must believe they're behind and they must believe the only thing i can think of is like a meeting where kamala harris is like i can do this way you guys keep me out of this i can do this i can i can do a great job in an interview like that i can i can win that situation. Okay. Because every aid every sensible person who knows anything about kamala harris would say good god don't do that don't do that no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no we don't want to do bret baier know that's a terrible idea they're doing that tomorrow. That's a terrible idea i can only think of her thinking to hers. The only thing i can think of this is an insane strategy. You think so. He's pissed but he's really wants her to win is doing everything again there is no butt there is no but on that one you think he's pissed yeah i think he's pissed and and maybe perhaps bill clinton. Yesterday is. Either starting to slip i mean i really don't know what that was. But he was starting to slip which i don't think. I haven't seen any indication of that other than his physical health is not good. He's either to either didn't know what he was saying yesterday and it was like oh wait i'm on the wrong side. Or he's just distancing self you know he knows what's coming. He knows what's coming yeah well you know what she should have they should have. So they have a space to retreat. I don't know i've never seen anything like it there is something that happens in the consultant class. During these elections. When they kind of feel that vibe of oh crap we're going to lose and our names are going to be on this yep leak start popping out all sorts of stuff starts kind of coming out in the media behind the scenes about hey will we didn't want her to do this this and this. And they and they are they start cya efforts begin for the next cycle because they got to get the job for the next cycle yep so they can't be on the hook for this they got to have those stories out and it does feel like we're going that direction what are your vibes right now do you feel vibes are really good yeah it's vibes are really good okay coming up in a site we have so much to talk about and next we have donald trump part 1 of a four-part interview that will all are on today's broadcast. We have. Medicine shortages already. China is on our border making fentanyl to send in to our. They make 80% 80% of our generic medic. Are we out of our minds to rely on them know the answer is yes we are so you don't do it you know as we found with hurricane helene. The government is not going to be there for you so don't rely on the government it's much better to rely on yourself you can get this done. Jace medical j a s e medical.com is the place to go. They have the jace case which is a personalized emergency medication kit it contains all the essential antibiotics for your family so you have them on hand you can even add other medications but start with a j case now jace medical.com get a discount promo code back j a s e medical.com and it's blazetv.com and use the code fight fight fight fight save 40% donald trump next. Welcome to the glenn beck program so yesterday i'm on the phone with the president and he says a president trump. Not the. Who is the other one by the way do you know yet know we don't well we talked about that in this interview. We talked about. Everything in this interview and this is just spur of the moment we were talking about an interview for next week and he's like i've got time you want to do one now. And i like in lieu of the other one and he's like no that one. Okay i mean the guy is just he never stops he never stops anyway. We talked about the hurricane elon. The people that are surrounding kamala harris election cheating. Bill clinton and the illegal immigrants with lake and riley tim walsh shotgun experience the broken teleprompter of kamala the possibility of nuclear war china is handling of covid and that's just the first two seg. So hang on for a wild ride this is a fascinating interview it'll run in three segments this one and then next our two more seg. Here is. Interview part 1 with donald. Mr. Yes hi glenn how are you. I'm good i'm good. I hear you just got off the phone with elon musk how did that go i did. Amazing world all by himself he's a fantastic guy. When i said that rocket ship come down yesterday i said you got to be kidding the way it landed right left. United fantastic we were we were talking i think he is. One of the great i mean steve jobs maybe is in his category i don't think that i think he's the greatest mind and and not theoretical actually doing stuff in my lifetime there's nobody like him yeah and he's a big supporter i know. Makes me feel good he knows what's going on he thinks he's the most important elections ever so. Are you. Have you been serious about allowing him to go in and look for cuts and everything. He feels that this tremendous. He feels it's there and you know i can say if you could save a lot of money and and make lives better okay you get more for the buck but. He would like to do something having to do with the budget. Cuz it's tremendous waste oh yeah and so and he's good at finding that i mean the way he runs his company. I mean it's tremendous. Is maybe the best at finding that tell people love it when they hear that without making any dent to get up and make people's lives better actually it really. Is is such a statement. That he's probably the the most effective person on the planet of looking over the horizon and then bringing tomorrow into today. And the and the left because he likes you. He is. I mean they just they will shut him down. Yep they will they try. You shut him down you shut the country down essentially when you look. Oh look at starlink so he had starling. In north carolina they called is there any way you. Call and and some great people in north carolina. I called him. Other than this supposed to be good. And i called him and he added to them immediately now they delayed him you know they delayed him we were actually they put a hold on you know what he did we were on the ground my my charity mercury one was on the ground we were one of the first people on the ground we were running at. At the height i think we were running 50 helicopters and we had it all you know i mean we had everything we were there with elon's guy when they started jerking his chain they even came and tried to shut us down in ark i looked and said. You know you don't have a single helicopter here we're saving people in the mountains if you were here maybe a week ago sure but we're not shutting down. I mean it's it was really tragic what they did it's one of the worst rescues. Ever and i think in a league with katrina which was pretty bad some people say it's. And then they didn't let him do it i know places i know you can do things but they don't let them know it's a terrible thing i think that's i think that's one of the biggest things that. You know when you say we're going to take our country back one of the biggest things that i miss is. The the ability to just do things that you feel are right that are legal but to just take control of your own life the the government has grown so far out of control it's in every aspect of our life and it is the problem. Edison nasty government it's a mean government. The weaponized government. And they've done things that and you know it's interesting because the people aren't very smart. You know the people. Not on top to see people that's around them they are. Individuals and their fascists and everything else you can be so it's a nasty group of people so somebody is is quite smart i mean sometimes historian. We'll look back and say this was. A genius it was the biggest heist in human history it was a horrible but it was genius who's actually the. Well i think it's a it's a committee of people and they might not even know the committee is they may not even know themselves is that make. It's a group of people. That are in different levels of dc. And they surround the man that was not. The most capable person. By the way i never was right but certainly not anymore. She's worse than his she's worse than he. Pocahontas okay pocahontas is probably for the left of bernie i think i don't know how you how you write it might have to go buy your scale i believe in your scale maybe more than mine but but if you think about it you know we have some people and she is considered the most left in. In the entire senate and not the smart. Not by any means the smartest in fact maybe the opposite but she is i mean when you say she's worse i mean we were talking yesterday to mike lee about. You know her centerpiece legislation when she was in the senate which i think was called do no harm and it just dismantles religious freedom just entirely dismantles it. We spent a lot of time. Yesterday with the latter day saints. Some incredible people and people of religion too just people of religion. She's against religion and it's in her but it's in her. She's against religion and i don't know how people can vote for her. We were talking about not so much you took this we have such a big lead there. We were talking about arizona. And you know you take a look at arizona and i would certainly say nevada. And you have a lot of latter-day saints mormons in those are. 88 i mean if we got 1% more or 2% more. And this whole country would turn around because if we won those. We would be an awfully good shape to win the whole thing is as you know so we spend time together and it was it was great and when i mentioned your name. I will say i mentioned glenn's name every one of the place went crazy so they like you like you a lot but that was a big audience i it was amazing they're electric i mean i you know you at one point lean over to me and. What's your cat say and you know the you know the figures are you better than i do my gut says you're accelerating at exactly the right time and as i said to you. But for cheating. You told me that we've made a lot of good headroom or headway on that. Well i think just by nature of that we don't have covid they use covid to. And they did so many things so many different things but just the fact that they didn't get legislative approval i mean that's you don't have to go any further than that they actually go for legislative approval not get it you know like let's say it's a republican legislature. Not get it and then do it anyway it was just terrible and. They use covid to cheat now that number one that in itself makes it better now. But they are very devious group and you know it better than maybe anybody and you talk about it more openly a lot of people. Well once you've been threatened by george soros once you've been threatened by george soros it kind of just everything else is kind of. Amen. Which is so crazy. It's so crazy. Kamala harris is cut from that exact same cloth. Yeah oh that's not that's a way of talking about it you know. I had a tremendous rally the night before the night before yesterday. And it was unbelievable and we and you heard about 100 million i said if we had a. On a selection if we had. God coming down to be our vote counter wouldn't that be great if we can ask god to do it that would be the ultimate vote counter right because you'd have honesty yeah but if we had god come. I i think i do great i think we do great in california. 36 million dollars they go all over the place. And then they come pouring. And. You know when you go and vote into a really good solid state where you have a rip and they look at you and they want your id even if your trump say yes sir please. Could i see your license could i see you on facebook you really can't get away with anything anyway but they don't have computerized machines. Do they have a paper ballots and they have voter id and everything else have you have you talked to elon musk about this cuz i think with i mean. You know this we can transfer billions of dollars and not a penny is lost we do it all day long and it's fine. How come we can't get the technology to lock this into place especially with block. So elon is the number one person for. Mechanical devices including computers there's nobody and yet he says the only way to do it really safely is with paper ballots you know it's like something right. He said i i consider myself to be the world's greatest expert on all such things as this type of equipment right i would say i put him in number one. He's concerned because those you can make things swing and you can make things to a lot of bad things. Gavin newsom where. You're not even allowed to ask somebody whether or not. If you do i think it's like a criminal act or something. We're less than a month away to find out who our next president is going to be that means there is a chance that it's going to be somebody who is. Radically pro-choice. Let the baby die if the abortion is botched and the baby is born alive. Just set it to the side and let it die. That is the truth of what kamala harris want. She is the most radical. And on our freedom of speech as well we may lose our right. To speak out against abort. We are partnered with preborn and preborn saves about about 200 babies every single day and the moms because we care about the moms as well and it all starts with an ultras. Ultrasound is $28 and when mom sees the baby and hears the heart. She's twice as likely to choose life now you can do $28 $140 i think is for five ultras. Your donation of $5,000 would sponsor pre-born entire network for 24 hours helping to rescue 200 babies donate securely just dial pound 2550 say the key word baby that's pound to 50 keyword is baby or go to pre born.com. Don't go after like the white house or like the white house would be more believable than graceland the white house doesn't pay their bills that's a good point they actually did go after graceland and tried to do this home title theft thing on graceland didn't work. Eventually they got out of it although i'm pretty far down the line i mean it was actually pretty scary luckily everything wound up working out and in that case but would that work out for your home like i don't think there would be 100 news stories about your home being taken. Is 16 trillion dollars in available equity in our homes this is an all-time high so it's a giant pile of money. To go after and that's why they do home title of fraud all over the world. All their salaries for years and years and years and years so what do you do protect yourself with home title lock home title lock.com. If you go there you can get to right now the triple lock protection i'll give you 30 days free you can check and make sure that your home's title is still in your name. Protected from going forward as well just sign up with your address at home titlelock.com home title lock dot be sure to use the promo code blaze when you're there cuz you'll get that complete title scan you get the 30th of triple lock home title protection for free it's home title lock.com the code is bl. Welcome to the glenn beck program hey yesterday comma was hiding out on the roland martin podcast and so i mean if she was on roland martin and nobody heard it did it actually happen we don't know but here's what she said about. Well i don't know what listen you know there's this whole i talked with somebody wants to said you know if you. Look at where the the the the the stars are in the sky. Don't look at me it's just random things if you just look at them as points look at the constellation what does it show you. What does it show you. Roland martin sells the show yeah this is roland martin unfiltered filter in the back of the day that was the problem that was all the filter that's why the show sucked did you see it's like the bob ross set repeating him until maybe something else we come back with part two of our three-part interview with donald trump we're going to talk about the hidden trump vote from democrats bill clinton talking about lincoln riley yesterday tim walsh shotgun experience the broken teleprompter and china and nuclear war the level of devastation from hurricane helene and milton is still something we don't have a full grasp on almost 300 people are dead they're still 100 missing and over 2 million people still without power as of this last weekend as you might imagine. Critical times and critical items like medicine and food are coming in fast but it's never as fast as it needs to be. Exactly for cases like this where you need to be prepared there is something you can do to make sure that you and your loved ones have the medications on hand when need. It's a solution thousands of people have already discovered so stop start stocking up right now. We depend on china for 80% of our generic medication if that relationship goes awry we're in real we're in real trouble. What happens with a critical supply chain if that goes down please go to chase.com and enter the promo code back you'll get a personalized emergency medication kit the starter kit just starts with the five essential antibiotics that you can have on hand you can add different things to it you can even add some of your daily medication just go to jass e.com that's jace dot cam make sure you use the promo code beckett check out and you get a discount on your order jet.com. Churches original recipe is back you can never go wrong with a restaurant that participating location. We talked about the hidden trump vote a theory of the bill clinton video that came out yesterday about illegal immigration and lincoln riley tim wilson's shotgun experience kamala harris's broken teleprompter experience which is very funny and then the possibility of nuclear war and china we talked about all of that in 60 seconds first today's economic environment is really stressful for a lot of americans the fed finally dropping interest rates there's no better time than right now to put you and your family in a better financial position if you're a homeowner you should know that american financing is helping thousands of families just like yours families who have been putting everyday expenses on credit cards and now need a helping hand to get out from underneath that debt that is piling up every single month with 25% increase in the darkness for those who want to shore up their financial house if that's you tapping into your home interest debt could be the answer give american financing a call you'll be surprised at how many options you didn't even know you had from mortgage revised to other form of debt consolidation it's american financing do it now american financing net 800 900 624 408 800 90062440 it's american financing in mls 18234 call 800-906-2440 for details about. The the hidden trump vote. And i want to ask you your thoughts on on something i think there's actually. A hidden trump vote that is going to come from democrats. Because they didn't convince people of these policies. They scared them into it they taught them shut your mouth and just go along with it and i think reasonable democrats are going this doesn't work i don't want my kids being talked to buy you know a teacher in secret that's that's that's that's the sign of a predator i am paying more for my groceries i can't do it anymore and i think there's a. A slice of the democrats that might tell everybody there for kamala but we'll go in and vote for you what do you think of that so i think the biggest. Okay you know you see the polls in the polls have the economy number one in inflation i view them as the same thing in a sense i think the inflation and economy you can wrap them up into. I actually think and i may be wrong but. You know nothing wrong by much i think the biggest the biggest thing that people are going to be looking at and voting on is what's happening at our border. Where murderers are allowed to come in and where drug dealers are allowed to come in and just destroy our country literally destroyed and inflation is a destroyer of the country but it's a different kind of. It's a different kind of a destroyer it's not as mean not as mean as having guys coming in with machine guns i have to go ahead well i was going to say i don't know if you've heard this yet i want to play some audio this is bill clinton. Today talking about lake and riley listen to this probably wouldn't have happened but if they all probably. I mean he sounds like he's campaigning for you. Yep that's that's come a long way you see that's probably where they're going because. Anybody comes in just walk right into our country which is in. And now all of a sudden you're hearing people talking about well you know we need people to come in come. 21 million people came in hundreds of thousands of those people. From prisons and from. And drug lords and human traffickers and murderers and they. So we have a problem before he's a little late and saying it because we have a big problem we have people in our country that are. Going to be murdering a lot of people. Lincoln riley. Beautiful young lady i know the parents i know everything about her what happened to her is just hor. But you have many many cases like that some you don't hear about but they're they're aurora. Venezuelan street gangs have done they. And they take it over. Jd vance was talking to martha raddatz by the way it was brilliant. He says martha are you listening to yourself. You think this little problem is is is is is little there are venezuelan gangs that are running apartment buildings in america it's amazing what these people will try to excuse. Not believable when you say it jd's been great by the way i love him and as good as he's been waltz on the other side. You can't even a little intelligent. I mean it's just it's just incredible i know you're i know your son i know i know your son is a hunter you have to ask him play that video of him trying to load the shotgun i swear to you i mean i'm fairly decent with guns i would not hunt with that guy he looks like he's dangerous with a gun he's never done that. One way or the other if they if they won i guess he was in a horrible pic but when i heard that they picked him i couldn't believe it and he's only gotten worse and she's gotten worse so you know she's worse than biden i really believe that she's worse than. You think that's true. Oh yeah no well he's angry because. He got 14 million votes and he was thrown out he was this was an overthrow of a president i know this was an overthrow of an american president there's never been anything like that before. He won the primaries i. And they came to see him and they said we want you. I'm amazed you agree to it actually. And you know the truth is she looks better than he ever did he looks better than he did for. For 5 years i don't know somehow he didn't play well as president but. Ron rhonda sanchez in florida instead of very good on the hurricane but he's done a very good job. The way she went at him. And just got creamed and biting was on wrong side know that's crazy. I'm just wondering are they just like. Cutting her loose. I know i think they're trying to steer a different path now i think they're saying it's not working and we've. A very good run for 3 weeks and i think they're saying it's not working she's changed 15 major policies. You probably you're the only time pro i would say if you've seen. Any candidate for high office change to it would be a lot what remember john kerry i think changed one or two things and he became you know the waffle man. That's right now he did but it didn't work know but she's changed 15 i mean from fracking to crime to this to that to. Yeah we should see all of a sudden now wants to have a strong b. And she acts like nothing happened you know where was she for 4 years right but but i've never seen anything like it if you go back 2 years just go back into or just go back into their prim. And listen to what she said and what she voted for. And now every one of those things have been thrown out so i don't know you know i mean let's see what happens i can't imagine you can get away with. But there's another thing it's called confidence. And you know she they tried to threat to democracy with me and they tried it all they tried everything. But let's look at now their confidence. The woman is not a competent person and i think far less comp. I never thought i'd be saying it but there's something going on i mean i watched her with the teleprompter teleprompter broke and she kept going that was amazing. No i said what's going on with him. You've been in television i've been a television we know teleprompters she had no idea what the next sentence was she was saying 32 as if hey prompter person i'm at the bottom of the page it was crazy. If that and you know what she could even say. My teleprompter. But. A teleprompter is one of the most unreliable pieces of equipment like the crowd we had we had that was a big truck the night before i had 101,000 people and you can lose yourself i figured teleprompters go out. 5% of the time and two or 3% of the time where they're just. They're very hard to hold. You've got to be if you're going to be in politics you have to be able to. But if and when the teleprompter goes you know this you've got to be able to speak. And she was frozen and she's lucky that thing came back because you know it's not back it's called a snapback. It's not back for. She then started continuing to leave i wish it wouldn't i would have loved to see how she would have ended that. Well i think it would have been a bad thing and she was she. She couldn't have done the 32 one more time i don't know. What frightens at least me is. She's not in control. And they're talking about changing our nuclear strategy with russia and i don't know who's making those decisions and. I mean. Have you read nuclear war by annie jacob. Yes i have okay that's terrifying i don't know how you would make the decision as president of the united states that quickly. That is the biggest single. When these people talk about global warming and they worry about the oceans going to rise in 300 years by an 8th of. It's it's like it just infuriates now at the same time i don't even like talking about nuclear right how bad it is okay so you know during my administration you probably never heard the word nuclear i don't i purposely. And now you're hearing it every single day you're hearing it all the time and you know issues that a lot of food and now he says you're not working now i know and that will be. They will never have been anything like that the level of power i'm the one that rebuilt. I rebuilt all of our military rebuilt it at the highest level i hate it in many ways i hated to have to do the nuclear but i did because we have no choice we have other countries we have five other countries now that are as they say nuclear capable. And that's too many that's actually 5 too. If the truth is i think i would have had a deal with russia and with. To the nuclear eyes their stock i really think we would have had. All three of us agreed on it conceptually and i think we would have done that but covid came along and we had to fight that battle. And we thought it will never get credit for it really but we fought it well. I got credit for the economy i got credit for the military we knocked out isis. Got the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts all that but i never got cut you know nobody knew what this was covid came in it was a gift from china i got it i got to tell you the way they the way they say that you didn't do enough when they were the ones bitching when you said i got to close to china i we can't have this happen. And they they called you a big head and everything and now they're saying you didn't close it fast enough i mean are we do they really believe the american people are goldfish. Nancy pelosi crazy nancy she was going crazy when i said if i didn't close it from china then and you know what their 11 people in. And i was the only one that said i wanted. And you had to close it we would have. Probably a couple of million people more and and we really. I mean we would have lost millions of people more had i not done that that was a great move but you know nobody knew what this thing was and everybody got hurt that you know proportionately a lot of there was a lot of equals okay they all got hurt china ended up getting hurt very late in the pro. Almost started the issue it has really. You know people died of starvation can you believe that. Either forgot or something happened but they didn't unwell. It's unbelievable but i was a terrible thing i have been bitching and complaining about the secret service for well since obama. We have we have not been protecting our presidents rightly i mean my my people have gotten around the secret service however i will tell you this. This weekend. I have never seen anything like the security that you have around you now it is. Top shelf. And they said that you asked the president for. Rocket launchers or something to protect your plane. In case somebody shoots a rocket at the plane is that true. Well i better not get into it but they have a very strong security around the plane very strong security. And and they really. I mean they have to the one thing that we don't have is we haven't had a president saying if some country. Miranda where there is actually a threat that if they do anything to not it's not me it's a president and now in leading in both parties to be president if they do anything that we're going to obliterate the country because when you say that that's the end of that they won't do anything but. Are we haven't heard that and other presidents have is. You know. Proclamations as you probably have. There were two or three of them issue that way where even rivals rivals were being threatened and. A certain presidents were able to get up and say if you do this we're going to hit you so hard that you won't have a country left and when you do that they tend to say well let's take a password. But biden is not. Is not i guess not willing to do that. Reaver. And i was where he was and it was you know him i would issue such a proclamation. First let me take a minute to talk to you about the burner launch. There you are frozen in a moment of time bad guy approaching you and your family things just got really real and in that moment you have a choice reach one hand down in the gun that you carry will take care of that situation or reach the other. And grab your burner launch. You'll end up in trial for killing a man because of you shoot you'll shoot to kill. Oriole incapacitate him until the police arrived and nobody goes to jail but. That is the moment to decide and sometimes only a gun is the answer. Sometimes less than lethal is the answer and that's the burner la. It's made in fort wayne indiana by red white and blue americans they love the second amendment this company their big big big big big big big big gun guys and you know they believe in it but they also know what a hassle it is and in some states you just can't carry your gun around. This you go to new york city and you can carry a burner la. It's there's no background checks no permits required it can be used by all age groups over 18 it's burned a byrna.com glenn check out the latest news about berna at berna glen 10 seconds station id so according to a new recent poll research center poll only 13% of american voters are still undecided. But that's a lot 13 is still a lot that that those people can decide who's sitting in the oval office they will be the ones that. That's why it's imperative to get those undecided voters the facts no bias just straight hard facts figures data illustrating the two choices that they have before them. Over the next two weeks leading up to the election i'm going to be releasing a four-part digital short series which will do just that i'm going to take you through it next hour. Hopefully once the undecided voters see and hear the truth the choice will become clear these things will cover immigration the economy first amendment free speech issues the claims you know that each candidate makes against one another part 1 is out today and you can find it at glennbeck.com this is for you to share with friends who maybe don't know all of the facts that are undecided we all need to get one extra person just between now and the election if everybody in this audience would just get one extra person to vote it'll be a landslide it's glenn beck dot calm slash undecided share this video with everyone you know all right let me tell you about my patriot supply so exactly how far into emergency situation do you have to get before you think wow should have prepared for. Because. If the answer is right about the time you found yourself stuck in a mile long line stretching around the corner from the grocery store just to get some food you waited too long. So here's what you need to do get yourself and your family emergency food from my patriot supply. It's going to make the world of difference in your world and in your family's life if. Something god forbid happens and there is a breakdown of the food chain or whatever. You don't you don't want to rely on other people are my grandparents my grandmother and my mom. They they used to can every summer and so we had a year's worth of food just on what they would can. Storing emergency food in your home you got to get it we live in crazy times and you can get a 3-month emergency food kit now from my patriot supply i think these guys are the best in the world my patriot supply comma it's delicious nutritious 2000 calories a day order your 3-month emergency food kit my patriot supply calm that's my patriot supply.com subscribe to blazetv.com use the code fight fight fight fight fight and save 40 bucks off your subscription to blaze tv more with donald trump next. So yesterday i spoke to donald trump for about 45 minutes and an exclusive radio interview we're playing it back this is the last segment you can get all of it on the today's podcast here's the final seg. Did the coachella guy who was he says he was a big fan but they found guns in his car i don't even know if this reached you. The campaign says it really wasn't anything local sheriff said they felt that they had stopped a third assassination. Anything on that. No i don't know he said he was a big fan. And i know that and but he has some pretty nasty weapons in his car but he was away from the car and the car was parked a long ways away but everybody it was the place. 101 i guess more than that but over 101,000 people. So it was a big crowd he was very far away but but you know when you have that kind of weapons in the car it's a little it's not. We're living in a dangerous world this is a world that's very dangerous this is a world that's closer to world war 3. And we've ever been there's never been anything like it and the problem is like we said the weaponry. At a level i always say it's not too army tanks running around the field trip with each other this. This is weaponry that know that i know better than anybody cuz i see. Larry. And this is weapons and weaponry that nobody's know it's not even imaginable. And. We really need smart people and government now we just can't go through another 4 years like we did with. You know i had to run wanting to make a deal they were going to make a deal i would have had a deal done within one week of the election. They didn't have money they were there was no hezbollah there was no. Because there was no fighting you know they couldn't get money they were there but they didn't have any. And we had a the best situation he could have made a deal in one. And big part of this is no nucleus right that was 90% of the. No i want them to do. I wanted a ran to do great but. I know so many iranian. Iranians that are now in living in america that are like really great people smart as can be and wonderful and warm. So we don't want to have a. They they were broke they had no money i said help can't do. And you know why it said they had no money because of my policy and and they would have made a deal they would have made a deal i would have made that deal within a week after the election. And i want i want them to be really successful as a country it's all good but the one thing they can't have nuclear. And now they're like a month away from having a nuclear weapon that's a real big that's a big problem now we'll see what's going on with israel. Cool i think their stock has gone up very high. But it's very very sad to see what's happened that that they would allow this to happen if i were president ukraine would not have been attacked by russia 100% boris johnson just said that did you see the boris johnson interview yeah yeah he said. The most embarrassing day in the history of our country wouldn't have happened oh my gosh afghanistan. Wouldn't have happened you know you were you were talking about that the other day. And i have to correct one thing that you said in afghanistan again my charity was over we had the we we ran the airport over over there and we had all of the commercial airplanes ready to go and the state department. Screwing us and i mean we in the end we got 22,000 people out and none of them came to america because we didn't even trust our vetting but we knew who we were bringing out the the state department screwed us around screws around they actually mocked us at one point and said well you need one more form and they came up with a new form we said we don't even know we've never heard of that form where do we get it and they said at the embassy in kabul and we're like you close the embassy they actually laughed and said i guess you're just going to have to figure that out and hung up on us. So we finally made a deal with them you said yesterday they they got all of the soldiers out. No sir to get the the survivors that we tried to get out the 22,000 our first plane had to be full of american soldiers that they left behind. That is that is crazy out early american soldiers they left and we were left without soldiers. And they should have taken the soldiers out last night when i spoke to abdul. I said no you're not going to do any more you know they were shooting a lot of they were showing a lot of users and other people. Tough conversation with him from that point on. 18 months and we didn't have one you know that you can't you can't you have to tell the story about the picture you cannot just gloss over this this is one of the greatest this is one of the greatest negotiating things i've ever heard. Tell the whole story i had a conversation and it was important to have it and because the taliban that's where the killing is like i always say jesse james he liked the. And they say jesse jesse why do you always go after the bank he said because that's where the money is right. And in this case the taliban because that's who was doing all the killing in afghanistan you know that was the killing arm right. So i spoke to the head he's still there abdul we had a good conversation tough conversation. Because they were killing a lot of american soldiers and they were with obama and biden but they were really killing a lot of. And a lot of snipers. And i had a conversation couple of conversations but i had a conversation. And i don't want to go graphically the conversation was a tough conversation but you can't really repeat it it's not appropriate but but i had a conversation and i essentially told him don't do it don't do it and can i tell them i did have yeah you could tell it but i did send him something that was interesting so you had you had a picture of his house. And you said if any of our soldiers die. I will kill you and you put the picture down and slit it across the table and then you walked out i think that's brilliant just brill. Well it was a phone conversation but ok google. But why but why do you send me a picture of my house during a phone conversation. Add and i said that you'll have to figure out but we had regardless we had. No problem at all so we went 18 months not one american soldier was killed or even shot. And after 18 months. They did this horrible. And it was so bad and you know we also gave up so bad girls one of the biggest bases in the world we gave it up in china's now occupying it can you imagine the reason i wanted. Nuclear weapons water. And now china's occupying it can you believe. They gave it up they left at the dark of night they left the lights. Billions and billions of dollars the longest runways in the world. Anything on it and we we left we we just walked away from. And what a great thing i would never have done that i was we would have to get stacked up and everything. We would have left with strength and dignity. It would have been people falling off airplanes. Yeah very sad very very sad that happened to the most embarrassing day in the history of our country it was at least in my lifetime. We we left the lot of our arms and everything else there is it true there now one of the largest arms dealers. In the world. Selling the arms we left behind. Show me a billions and billions and billions of dollars of brand new beautiful equipment tank. Thousands of trucks many of them are over play that their million-dollar trucks you know why wouldn't we at least blow them up before we left because millie was stupid. I think it's cheaper to leave it behind us it would. If you have an airplane and it's new and it cost $150 million dollars to build. You're not going to put a tank. Jet fuel in there and fly it out to pakistan or. Directly home sure i think it's stupid to. He was such a stupid guy he was so stupid it was so he had no common sense you know the expression i say the republican party is the party of common sense billy was a stupid guy. And i could just see him telling that to biden and biden believe. We left all of that equipment behind now if it looks 3 weeks ago they had a par. Running the equipment right down the middle of the boulevard. And all beautiful in american trucks. Old mostly armor plated stuff very very expensive to build and very expensive. Equipment riding it down like in a parade. Talking about the dumb americans. What he's done to the country. Is such a shame between the borders and afghanistan and allow. It's like a demolition site the cities are knocked to the ground those beautiful golden towers. Are crushed and laying on their. They were beautiful i mean. Those cities have been obl. Many more people have died. In ukraine then they talk about you know they'll they'll have missiles hitting build. 23 city blocks normal. New york city boxer big buildings i was amazed at the size of the apartment that's what i did for a living right. And these are big apartment houses fairly tall but really long and they had a lot of people. Just collapse right down to the. Nsa two people were hurt no no many many people were killed so when the when the death toll is really said that you created the numbers are going to be much higher than people think you just said something that made me think of and i know you got to go so we will keep this short but the you just said you know what i do is i you know i build buildings and and it made me think of the hotels in new york. That are now trashing their hotels with illegals what's the game here. What what is the hotels are now operating a different product. So they used to operate luxury hotels and now they operate them to get government money and they're making more money than they have 100% occupancy at room rates at higher than the other. And they have a legal migrants living in the buildings. Because you will probably not have a good chance of getting out it's rough stuff going on i have friends that don't these things. All they do is keep sending the government bills and here's the saddest. Outside of those hotels as the migrants walk into these buildings that. Luxury but are being beat up and destroyed their fights in there all the time. These are rough rough people they make our criminals look like. But if you have a. We have a veterans living on the sidewalk right outside the main. And you have migrants going into the hotel okay how about that. And so the military should never vote for her. And frankly i don't think anybody should people of religion should. The latter day saints should not that's why we were there we want to get that vote will you please get me that vote tonight ok google. I don't know i don't know it's a very sad time but we will have more conversations anytime you've been a great guy and you've really been i mean this mister president i do this for my children i will door knock for you you just tell me how i can help i will be there. Thank you for everything that's the most important thing you have a very powerful voice and good voice. It's for good and i appreciate it very much we'll talk again thank you all right let me tell you about america's number one daily fantasy sports app it is called so much fun it is a great time if you watching a game. And you want to get more involved daily fantasy sports is a great way to do it and the only way to do that is price picks you just pick more or less on between two and six players stat projections so it's just you versus the stats and price picks is the best way to get action on sports in most states including california texas and georgia now it's the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy if you've been burned by an injury in a game you know how this feels they can they can take care of that for you and if your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return price picks you're still alive which is great price picks invented the flex play which means you can still cash out of your lineup even if it's not perfect so download the price picks up today and use the code stew you get 50 bucks instantly when you play play only five bucks the code is stew on price picks to get 50 bucks instantly when you play only five. You don't even have to to win to receive that bonus is 50 bucks bonuses guaranteed so check it out price picks price picks up get it now run. The previous content identified is conservative. The glenn beck program will be right back time to move skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and get paid in days you can even pick your clothes date so you can move after new year's start your move at open door dot cam or download the open door app open door is represented by open door broken 0206170 in california and its other markets terms and conditions apply. I thought that was a fascinating 45-minute interview with donald trump you'll hear the whole thing on the podcast today in case you missed any of it but i don't think we've ever i don't think i've ever had that wide-ranging of an interview with him we talked about everything pretty much hit on all the big topics i think this is a really smart approach by the trump campaign to have him in that type of environment where he can just go and bounce around a different topics yeah you could be more conversational. He was one of the most famous people in the world before he became president everyone knows this and then put him in the positions where he can show that i think is really smart and yet kamala harris came out yesterday and said they're hiding him why are they hiding him why do the people why does his handlers do they don't want him out talking what is he hiding what are you talking about so weird he's everywhere and my gut tells me it's falling apart you know that was empty calories at the very beginning that joy sandwich empty calories and people are hungry again i want to talk to you about a phone that i searched out myself and since then they they became a sponsor. You know i'm tired of people spying on me having information you know and not just the government i know the government is you. Monitoring things. But i don't want google i don't i don't want anybody i don't want to the apps to be monitoring and sending information i don't want to be tracked none of it. So i called up a good friend and i said hey. Do you know what what's the most secure phone and he said up phone. So i got the up phone it is it's built like a a digital fortress it's not part of the apple or google mobile ecosystems it comes with its own operating system its own app store its own messenger which you can make end-to-end encrypted calls and video calls on you can send files and photos even create secure group chats plus it has a vpn and anti-virus and it's really simple to use i mean it has all of the features that you would have on a iphone the great thing is this one's not tracked get unplugged dot calm slash glenn go there and get an up phone unplugged calm slash glenn. And if you don't believe me i guess you've never tried to buy or sell a house or both you don't want to do it unless you absolutely have to because it's not only hard it's really complicated and it just sucks in every in every possible way you want a really great real estate agent that can help you through this so you know at least that part of it looking for a house is good selling your house and getting top dollar for it is good if you're looking for a great real estate agent we have some real estate agents that we've got six ways to sunday we keep this as a very small group there's only i think a couple of thousand of these real estate agents they're all fans of the show and they all have the best practices to sell your house on time and for the most amount of money and get you into the home that you want whether it's across the street or across the country we have real estate agents that would love to talk to you all you have to do is go to real estate agents i trust.com tell us where you're buying and selling and will recommend a couple of names to you for the best people we think in your area it's real estate agents i trust.com. So let me. Let me start. Here i asked you yesterday. You could. Get one additional person to. You know donald trump just said this hit the end of the interview in case you missed it great 45 minute interview with donald trump. You can get the whole thing at. Play glennbeck.com or on youtube and and wherever you get your podcast. We'll have that right after the show. He said right at the end he said if we can just get religious people. Just just religious people if we can just get a couple of percentage points. From religious people people who go to church people who believe in the things that. We believe. If we can get one or two points from them we. He told me a couple of weeks ago and he said it again on the air he said. The people of your faith what what do we do and i said are they not supporting you and he said no 88% support and i said oh yeah that's pretty. He said two points two more points and i am guaranteed to win in arizona and nevada or have the best shot at winning he said two point. Just from that one faith in those two. Would change everything. We'd. In my face you know we have this. This old prophecy that you know the constitution will hang by a thread. It'll be you know the good people who are paying attention. Know what to look for. Rise up at the last minute and. And he said to me several times okay the constitution is hanging by a thread now would be the time. And i happen to agree with. Getting people who. Are on the other side is not going to probably be possible. There's 13% hunda. And they make all the difference in the world if they. We have to convince them and the only way to do that is to have actual fact. So we've put something together here that is fact-driven it is fair we try to give both sides. Their facts that maybe your friends haven't heard if they just watch mainstream med. I'm posting them at glennbeck.com i don't narrate them i don't have you know my voice is an honor or anything else so you don't have to explain away that. And it is truly honestly fair i mean i went over this with a fine-tooth comb the other day just trying to make sure we have it exactly right don't say that about her don't say that about him no bias. The first one is on immigration than the economy the first amendment. Free speech issues and then the claims that each candidate makes against the other so. Four of them so here's episode number one that you can send to your friends. To make an exceptional american giant wanted to show that when americans put their minds to it no other country can produce better products than we can and they're doing it it all started 13 years ago with the best hoodie you'll ever own the the do you remember the old old old champion maybe you're not as old as me so you can't you don't remember. Champion used to. The best swe. I didn't realize what had happened to them i just knew you know i don't know 15-20 years ago i went to go buy a championship and it just wasn't the same. Because it's not we made it a different way than everywhere else in the world and we had special machines that we sold. They were making high-end sweaties a sweatshirts and hoodies over in japan. Will american giant win over bought those machines brought them back trained this whole factory all the factory workers on it so they can make that quality again it's the best hoodie and the best sweats you've ever ever worn. It's american quality today at american dash giant.com glen american-giant.com slash glen use my name and get 20% off your first order again at american dash giant.com gl. 10 seconds station id so you know donald trump is talking about deporting you know 15 million people. And the left is just going crazy that can't be done what is he going to do he's going to you know it can't be done that's what they say donald trump says it can be done. But i want to go through here from 1929 to 1933. Under herbert hoover during the great depression. 1 to 2 million mexicans were deported back to mexico. From 1953 to 61 eisenhower probably the most controversial deportation that you know about. Deported 1.1 to 1.3 million. Under bill clinton. From 1993 to 2001 how many people did bill clinton. 12 million people. 12. Mr democrat himself. George w bush 2 million people under barack obama 3 mill. So. Bill clinton is in the same category as what donald trump says we have to do now okay. How many did donald trump the most evil man hates immigrants how many did he deport last. 935. Barack obama 3 mill. Donald trump 935,000 bill clinton 12 million. Barack obama i mean donald trump 935. Certainly you can't say. You can't criticize him from the left right on that policy i mean you might say hey he should have deported more if you're a fan of the right i'm sure he would have probably like to and certainly is promising to do more now know he will and it can be done bill clinton did it yeah i mean i was listening to that jd vance interview with the new york times and at one point he that she asked about this and you know i was trying to make him to look at to be a hater. And he responded like he didn't put a number of something like 1 million a year. If we did 1 million a year it would probably take about 20 years to get everybody out but i mean a million years nowhere near what bill clinton did all right i mean it was 1.5 a year so. Totally adorable thing and he has vance pointed out once you start deporting a million people a year. And then there was voluntary self-deportation and that's the way it that's the way it. I have to tell you still i mean i want to get into the pulse cast before we finish today but i feel really good about i think. Kamala harris's campaign is falling apart. And donald trump seems to be accelerating it's interesting i think there's a few different ways of looking at it the data itself still really points to a very close election. The momentum seems to be going in the way of donald trump but like it's not like oh now donald trump is up by 10 points right like it's still super close and could go either way. The biggest. Indicator to me that kamala harris is behind is this change in strategy. Is change this dramatic you're driving 65 on the highway and you throw the car in reverse strategy of her not doing any interviews at all for months at a time and suddenly she's everywhere. Everywhere from friendly shows to podcast to sex talk shows she's on i think charlemagne today you got your tomorrow she's everywhere all the sudden you remember you remember when we first started a show and i quoted bill cosby to. Bill cosby had said when he built the cosby show that he was going to build it his way the way he wanted cuz he couldn't live with himself if he. Did it somebody else's way he tried it but otherwise i think she's so. Self unaware. That i think she's like i'm not going to lose because these guys are telling me not to go out i'm good i can go out and be on all of these shows i can do this i think she's taking the reins you know what comma you're right you should be out there talking more you can do this don't let them stop you know that's right you should go out there yet every day more people are discovering the wonders of rough greens for their dogs i've seen what it can do for my dog uno was a very very picky picky eater when you fed him. If you moved he stopped eat. And that's if he ate it all i'm telling you with rough greens he became an entirely new dog and i i'm convinced well i know it gave him a happier more healthy life because i saw the difference. I think it's also length in his life as well but you know. My observ. This is a supplement that it was developed by dennis black and naturopathic doctor you sprinkle it on your dog's food gives all of them everything that they need all of the probiotics antioxidants vitamins minerals all the stuff that's just cooked out of kibble. They want you to have a trial bag just to make sure your dog likes it. They'll send you a trial bag for free you just pay for shipping at rough greens.com call them right now and get your trial bag make sure your dog loves it and if your dog loves it as much as my dogs have may i suggest you watch the difference over the months 833 glen 33833 glen 333 rough greens calm slash back you can get that video for the undecided at youtube.com slash glenn beck. So scientific american has just endorsed a candidate i want you to listen just to the opening two paragraphs in the november election the us faces two futures in one the new president offers the country better prospects relying on science solid evidence and willingness to learn from experience she pushes policies that boost good jobs nationwide by embracing technology and clean energy she supports education public health and reproductive rights she treats the climate crisis as the emergency it is and seeks to mitigate its catastrophic storms fires and droughts. In the other future. The new president endangers public health and safety and rejects evidence preferring instead to nonsensical conspiracy fantasies. He ignores the climate crisis in favor of more pollution he requires that federal officials show him personal loyalty rather than upholding us laws dare i say the constitution he fills positions in federal science and other agencies with unqualified ideologues he goes people into hate and division and he inspires extremist at state and local levels to pass laws that disrupt education and make it hard to earn a living. What a choice. There is another side to this spencer klavan is just written a new book. Call light of the mind light of the world how science is actually leading us back to god and not away from him. Follow the science. Spencer klavan is with us now hi spencer how are you. Hey glen i'm doing well thanks and i want to guarantee at the outset that unlike kamala harris i actually did not copy paste any passages wow good for you that's hard to do that's hard to do as an author yeah yeah yeah yeah so. We have perverted science so much it's become nothing but politics. And if i'm not mistaken. You know i i heard something from somebody the other day and i did not know this. That the big bang theory. Was actually rejected by scientists at the beginning because it proved a first cause it proved there was something before the big bang and they they did science didn't like it because of a god. And now it's the it's it's sold as the opposite. Yeah that's absolutely right this was a major conflict einstein was very worried about this when george lumetta the sort of father of what's now known as big bang theory came to him with this idea of he called it a day with no yesterday it was extremely unsettling because many scientists had kind of bought into this narrative that in order to do science in order to know the truth about reality and accept truth without superstition they had to be materialists they had to get rid of any notion of the divine or the transcendent and i think if you follow that logic down to its conclusion you actually end up. With a purely materialist view of science that does fall prey to things like endorsing kamala harris for president or all the things but it's not. Doesn't it also lead us to just nihilism. Nothing has me we're just nothing but atoms bouncing around. Yeah i know there's no question that it does in this book in in light of the minds light of the world i traced the history of how this idea emerged and became so powerful it was not the idea of the original architects of the scientific revolution some of us in school were taught this story about a battle between the repressive church and the brave seekers of truth like galileo who had to fight against religion in order to do science but that's not the true story at all the story i tell hear is the story about. Faithful men seeking god's truth galileo wasn't an atheist neither was isaac newton neither was giannis kepler basically all of the major figures who inaugurated the great age of science in modernity believed that they could know the universe because they believed that mankind was made in the image of god for that reason his mind was not just a random product of atoms bouncing around together it was not just an accident that happened to emerge in one little tiny corner of a dark universe and we're not as stephen hawking once we were not chemical scum on a tiny planet in the middle of nowhere we're actually imprinted with the key to understanding creation that was the road map that the architects of science plotted out. Now gradually because the message that they devised were so powerful there were some people in the wake of the scientific revolution who wanted to claim that knowing the physical world was knowing everything and that by understanding the mechanics of how material works you could actually get rid of any need for for god or a prime mover or a first cause and i'm happy to report that in this case we can actually blame the french which is one of my favorite things generally it was the it was. Who lived through the french revolution that was supposed to have said to napoleon i have no need of god is as an hypothesis and we shortly in short order not only in france but also in in russia we saw where that conviction leads we saw as you say that the nihilism of believing in only material which. Scientific revolutionaries would never have endorsed that nihilism leads to the raw imposition of power because if it's all just atoms bouncing around and there's no meaning or purpose no higher morality then you're just going to try to conform time and space itself to your political program which is what they did in the french revolution is what they did under the soviet union. That's part of the story that i tell him this book too but the really important thing. That you might be able to get rid of god and even though we've been stuck with that narrative for so long we grew up with it in school. Science itself no longer supports. Idea so if you really want to follow the science you actually need to do a hard reset on this presupposition we have that science and faith are inherently against one another the discoveries of cosmology is as you indicated clan also the quantum revolution at the turn of the 20th century mechanistic idea of the universe and taught us some things that look a lot like the book of genesis they suggested for instance that human consciousness has a unique and or at least a highly important role played in constituting reality and perhaps even that there's no such thing as a meaningful concept of matter without. Mind without some kind of observing principal or dare i say some sort of minds to speak the universe into existence to see it and and call it good so all of this is waiting there for us to take stock of and if we don't of course you know we'll end up. I have to tell you you know the nobel prize in physics just went to 2 ai scientist. And ai if we don't decide that life human life. Is different. And that the that there is mind with a capital n m. We're going to be very very lost because they're going to come a time quickly. Philosophical question my best. And people will start to defend ai as life and then. We're going down a we're going down a hole that you just do not want to travel. No i mean i don't know if you saw that movie her with i think he was scarlett johansson but that wasn't supposed to be a prescription that was supposed to be a warning i know and you know the alan turing the one of the real forefathers of modern computing if not the originator of the computer he wrote a famous paper in 1950 that's not become known as the turing test and of course this is a brilliant mathematician so it's not that he was a dumb guy but he was very very good thing that we can know about ourselves is that we take in stimulus from the outside world and we turn out things that look like thoughts and emotions so if a computer can do that well it's doing what what we do but what's the logical next step for machines we're very primitive first computer. Then we don't stand a. But of course we all know that calculation isn't the point of life none of us lives that way we live knowing that the human experience of things is itself irreducibly important and that if you take that away who cares what a machine can do so these are all things that we are being forced now to grapple with and you can hear it in the way that these guys talk about their technology one of the major sort of the ai doesn't love you it doesn't hate you you're just made of atoms and that's what we think of ourselves and then of course he's all of his books are just tremendous deep deep thinker and this one's really important light of the mind light of the world by spencer clayton you can get it wherever you get your books. And i highly highly recommend it it is you can follow spencer on on twitter. At spencer clay. Or you can see his website rejoice ever more dot substack dot. Spencer thank you as always good job thank you bye-bye all right hannah wrote in about her experience with relief factor she says relief factor got me out of pain i cannot work with you know my flower garden i can walk my dog again i can run again without being in pain all the time. I also sleep through the night which never used to happen and i don't have to use ice packs anymore thank you so much relief fact. Relief factor is a daily supplement that helps your body fight pain by fighting inflammation which is a source of most of the pain in our bodies and a lot of our disease. Is 100% drug-free was developed by doctors to help reduce or eliminate pain in over a million people have tried relief factors quick start. 70% of them have gone on to order it again and again so stop masking your pain and start fighting back naturally. Give relief factor a try right now they're 3-week quick start is only 1995 that's less than a dollar a day visit relief factor.com or call 800 the number for relief 800 the number four. Relief the glenn beck program glenn's newsletter is free and full of useful info delivered every day right to your inbox sign up at glennbeck.com. I'm james mccall reporting live from home in my bathrobe and slippers tonight we're talking duncan polar peppermint coffee jeans here with the latest. 45 minutes with the president today and we covered everything. I'm really fascinating and i thought very different than. He normally sounds like wouldn't he normally talks about. Yeah i think it's a it's a it's a trump that people like you know i mean they've really i think he's engaging and funny and you know on top of everything and be able to move around at various topics really interesting interview so it's a great interview you can get it to where we get your podcast. Later on in the later on in the. Trump the pulse cast what are we looking at now podcast remembering averages election models and prediction markets all these mainstream things combined and you're about 48% right now you're seeing you see how much this is narrowed for donald trump is a 48 percent chance to win. It is narrowed quite a bit now it's going to be the pulse cast is designed to be a little bit of a slower reacting it doesn't react to each and every pole like crazy it's supposed to take time lots of weight and you see the momentum totally going in donald trump's favor he was around 42 percent chance to win about 3 weeks ago. However it does take in some of the betting markets doesn't it yeah and that's the way the most positive stuff for donald trump is you know if you look at the election models he's got about a 47% chance to win the the the the betting markets have a much higher i mean over 50% is about 54 yesterday which is when this you know it's update takes into account everything up till midnight yesterday but that also today and this will be reflected in tomorrow but today he's up to like 57.58% on these markets hundreds of fat one guy bet 100,000 dollars on trump to win on calcium which is one of the prediction markets. And that would win him another hundred thousand dollars if trump wins the money is going in there and what's interesting about the betting markets because the other measures that we have in here are some what looking backwards right a pole happens over 3 or 4 days takes a couple days to process they release it it gets into the polling averages then it gets into the election models all those are sort of looking back over the past week. The prediction markets are people. We see what's happened. We're now predicting the future we're looking we're putting our money down and i will tell you what the future if you would have asked me for weeks ago to put money down i would say i don't know how it's going to work out yeah but if you asked me today to put money down i would put money down on on trump yeah i mean i i feel like. The momentum is moving she's falling apart. I mean that that whole campaign is i mean i said it earlier it's empty calories there was nothing there but hype and. That's not enough to get you this far and one of the most i think optimistic indicators for trump. Over the past over this entire cycle even going back to the biden time is all these underlying things that normally decide elections are in trump's favor economic sentiment being probably the biggest but also the border and crime and ukraine and all of afghanistan even more directly these big time topics are in trump's favor and every single one of them and who knows that i think is the kamala harris campaign and they're looking at this and they're saying we got to change tactics now look i think this is a dumb change for them to try to put her on shows like brett bear and joe rogan and that's a terrible like oh i think you know she can pull it off. 