4 years that's how long it took democrats to ruin our economy and plunge our southern border into anarchy who helped them hurt us ruben gallego washington could have cut taxes for arizona families but ruben blocked the bill and his fellow democrats gave a bigger break to the millionaire class in california and new york they played favorites and cost us billions and ruben wasn't done yet democrats could have secured the border instead they invited and invasion and pay for it ruben our elections and the democrats another four years to hurt us get your support and specifically the influx of the legal immigrants from more than 150 countries. How many illegal immigrants would you. Estimate your administration has released. Into the country of the last three and a half. Well i'm glad you raised the issue of immigration because i agree with you it is it is a topic of discussion that people want to rightly. You know what i'm going to talk about but you are just a number do you think it's 1 million 3 million let's just get to the point. Okay the point is. That we have a broken immigration system. That needs to be repaired so your homeland security secretary said that 85% of apprehensions office. Most significantly the policy that required illegal immigrants to be detained through deportation either in the us or in mexico. Can you switch that policy they were released from custody awaiting trial. So instead. Included in those were a large number of single men adult men who went on to commit heinous crescent. Looking back do you regret the deck. To terminate remain in mexico at the beginning of your administration at the beginning of our administration within practically hours. Of taking the. The first bill that we offered congress. Before. We worked on infrastructure before the inflation reduction. Before the chips and science act before any before the bipartisan safety communities. The first bill practically within hours of taking. Was a bill to fix our immigration system the us citizen citizenship act of 2000 21st. We recognized from day one that to the point of this being your first. It is a priority. For assassination and for the american people. And our focus has been on fixing a problem. And from day one then we have done a number of things. Including to address our asylum system in put more resources getting more judges what we needed to do to tighten up penalties and increase penalties for illegal crossings. What we needed to do to deal with. Points of entry between. Entry point. That's the work we did and we. On supporting what was a bipartisan effort including some of the most conservative members of the united states congress. To actually strengthen the. That border bill would have put 1500 more border agents at the border which is why i believe the border patrol agents supported the bill it would have allowed us to stem the flow of fentanyl coming into the united states which is a scourge affecting people of every background every geographic location in our country killing. It would have allowed us to put more resources into prosecuting transnational criminal organizations which i have done as the attorney general former attorney general of a border states in human beings and donald trump's fixing a problem and in this election. This is rightly a discussion. That the american people want to have and what they want are solutions and they want to present in the united states was not playing political games with the issue but actually is focused on fiction democrats voted against that bill it would have allowed 1.8 million illegal immigrants into the country a year a lot a lot of conservatives had a problem with. Is the six demolition. Jocelyn. Rachel morin lincoln riley they are young women who were brutally assaulted and killed by some of the men who were released at the beginning of the administration well before a negotiated bipartisan. Former president clinton actually referred to lincoln riley sunday campaigning for you in georgia saying if those men had been properly vetted lincoln riley probably would not have been killed. This is well before any negoti. This is well before donald trump got involved in the politics this is a specific policy decision by your administration. There's no question about. There's no question about that. And i can't imagine. The pain that the families of those victims have exper. For a loss that should not have. That is true. It is also true. That if a board of security had actually been past 9 months ago it would be 9 months. That we would have had more border agents at the border more support for the folks who are working around the clock trying to hold it all together to ensure that no future harm would occur and this election in 20 days. Will determine whether we have a president of the united states who actually. Cares more about fixing a problem even if it is not to their political advantage in an election because there was a solution brat madam vice president it was a policy decision in the early part of your administration i will let one of the mothers talk about it take. Because of the biden-harris administration open border policies catch and release they were enrolled in the alternatives to detention program this meant that they were released into the united states it was not even a full 3 weeks later that they would take my daughter jocelyn on grace life i believe the biden harris administration open border policies are responsible for the death of my daughter. That's the early days so do you owe them an apology is what i'm saying that i am so sorry for her. I'm so sorry for. But let's talk about. What is happening right now with. An individual who does not want to participate in solutions. Let's talk about that as well what do you want to answer your phone i told you i feel awful for what she and her family have experienced during that time you said repeatedly that the border was secure when in your mind did it start becoming a. We've had a broken immigration system transcending by the way donald trump's administration even before. I have no. And saying that this is a perfect immigration system i've been clear i think we all are. That it needs to be fixed. We need more i was just down at the border talking with border agents and they will tell you and i'm sure you probably i know you investigate and you are a serious journal. They will tell you we need more judges. We need to we need to process those cases faster we need the support for those cases that should be prosecuted. They need more resources and congress ultimately is the only place that that's going to get fixed brett that's how the system works but there were 90 + executive orders that were rescinded in the first days many of those were trump border policies i'm not going to stay here because. There's other things to talk about but you frequently talk to the border patrol union for support of that bipartisan bill and they did they supported it but they also just endorsed donald trump and said you've been quote a failure with border security. Why do you think they said. I think they're frustrated and i get it. They want. They want support and that's what that border security bill would have done these guys down at the border these men and women they're working hard. They're working around the clock. I get it. There's a lot of people that look back at what you said at 2019 when you first ran for president. And there have been changes and you've talked about some of them when it comes to immigration you supported allowing immigrants. In the country illegally to apply for driver's license to qualify for free tuition at universities to be enrolled in free healthcare do you still support those things. Listen that was 5 years ago and i'm very clear that i will follow the law i have make that statement over and over again and as vice president of the united states that's exactly what i've done not to mention before. You if that's the case you chose a running mate tim wallace who governor of minnesota who signed those very things into state. So do you support that. We are. Very clear and i am very clear as is tim walz. That we must support and enforce federal. And that is exactly what we will. Decriminalizing border crossings like you said in 2019 do not believe in decriminalizing border crossings and have not done that as vice president i will not do that as president. Prosecuted. Transnational criminal organizations from the sinaloa cartel. Do the guadalajara cart. People who have traffic in guns drugs and human beings i have. A significant part of my career. Going after people who present a threat to the safety of the american people. And in cross our border with the intent of doing us harm and cross our border illegally and i will do that work as vice president i take that work quite seriously. Are inundated with commercials and ads they just wanted to stop because it's every commercial but many of them add noise but a few of them seem to break through this particular one from the trump campaign has gotten a lot of attention. So are you still in support of using taxpayer dollars to help prison inmates or detained illegal aliens to transition to another. I will follow the. You're probably familiar with now it's a public report. That under donald trump's administration these surgeries were available to on a medical necessity basis to people in the federal prison system and i think frankly that ad from the trump campaign is a little bit of like throwing you know stones when you live in a glass house that he never advocated for that prison policy and no gender transition surgery happened during his presidential election results trying to create a sense of fear in the voters because he actually has no plan. In this election that is about focusing on the needs of the american people. Whereas a 20 million on. On an issue that. As it relates to the biggest issues that affect the american people. I'm offering a plan to deal with what we need to do to strengthen small businesses which are the backbone of america's economy i am offering a plan that is about taking care of young parents and giving them the support they need my plans for the economy will strengthen the economy as have been reviewed by 16 nobel laureates goldman sachs moody's and recently the wall street journal which have all studied our plans and have indicated my plans for our economy would strengthen our economy his would make them weaker of our plans for what we would do is president of the united states. It has been clear to those who. And understand how economic policy works that moving forward cuz i do believe the american people are ready to turn the page on the divisiveness and the the type of rhetoric that has come out of donald trump people are ready to chart a new way forward and they want a president who has a plan for the future. And a plan that is sound and will strengthen our country my plan for the economy does exactly that his plan would be again to give tax cuts to billionaires and the biggest corporations in our country and blow up our deficit vice president you were asked on two different shows last week what if anything you would do differently than president biden here's what. Would you have done something differently than president biden during the past 4 years there is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of and i've been a part of of most of the decisions that have had impact under a harris administration. What would the major changes be and what would say the same. So you're not joe biden you're not donald trump but but nothing comes to mind that you would do differently let me be very clear. My presidency will not be a continuation of joe biden's presidency. And like every new president that comes in to office i will bring. My life experiences my professional experiences and fresh and new ideas i represent a new generation of leadership. For example. And someone who has not spent the majority of my career in washington dc i. Ideas whether it be from the republicans who are supporting me who were just on stage with me minutes ago and the business sector. And others who can contribute to the decisions that i make about for example my plan for increasing the supply of housing in america and bringing down the cost of housing addressing the issue of small businesses which is about working with the private sector to bring more capital and access to capital to our small business leaders including my plan for 25,000 down payment assistance for first-time home buyers and for small businesses extending the tax deduction from 5000 to 5043 and a half years so what are you turning the page from. Well first of all turning the page from the last decade. In which we have been burdened with the kind of rhetoric coming from donald trump that has been designed and implemented to divide our country and have americans literally point fingers at each other. Rhetoric and an approach to leadership that suggests that the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down instead of what we all know the strength of leadership is based on who you lift up the strength of an american president which is one who understands that the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates using 70% brightness. That track follows 3 1/2 years of you being vice president and president biden being president that is what they're saying 79% of them why are they saying that if you're turning the page you've been in office for 3 and 1/2 years. And donald trump has been running for office. Listen over the last decade it is clear to me and certainly the republicans were on stage with me the the the the the former chief of staff to the president donald trump the form of defense secretaries national security advisor and his vice president one that he is unfit to serve. That he is unstable. That he is dangerous and that people are exhausted. Would someone who professes to be a leader who spends full-time demeaning and and engaging in personal grievances and it being about him instead of the american people people are tired of that that's the case of this country is now supporting this person who could be the 47th president of the united states why is that happening this is an election for president of the united states it's not supposed to be easy but it's not supposed to be that it is not supposed to be ok google. The american people he's the one who talks about an enemy within within an enemy within talking about the american people suggesting he would turn the american military on the american people we ask that question to the former president today harris faulkner had a town hall and this is how he respond. I heard about that that they were saying i was like threatening i'm not threatening anybody they're the ones doing the threatening they do phony investigations i've been investigated more than alphonse capone he was the greatest thing is called weaponization of government is terrible thing so i'm sorry and with all due respect that clip was not. What he has been saying about the enemy within that he is repeated. When he's speaking about the american people that's not what you just showed no no no that's not what you just showed in all fairness and respect to you he has repeated it many times and you and i both know that and you and i both know that he has talked about turning the american military on the american people he has talked about going after people who are engaged in peaceful protest he has talked about locking people up because they disagree with him this is a democracy and in a democracy. The president of the united states in the united states of america. Should be willing to be able to handle. Criticism without saying he'd lock people up for doing it and this is what is at stake which is why you have someone like the former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. Sing what mark milley has said about donald trump being a threat. To the united states of america is quoted in the bob woodward book that way yes let me ask you this not a vice president you call donald trump. Is misguided you say now he's unstable bread he's not well you say he's mentally not stable interviewers that joe biden was on his game that ran around circles on his staff when did you first notice that president biden's mental faculties appeared diminish. Joe b. I have watched in from the oval office to the situation room. And he has the judgment. And the experiment at an experienced to do exactly what he has done in making very important decisions on behalf of the american people to remind joe biden is not on the ballot i understand donald trump donald trump. You met with him at least once a week for 3 and 1/2 years you didn't have any concerns. I think the american people have a concern about donald trump which is why the people who know him best. Including leaders of our national security. Community have all spoken out even people who worked for him in the oval office worked with him in the situation room and have said he is unfit. And dangerous and should never be president of the united states again including his former vice president which is why the job was open. For him to choose another running. So that is a fact. That is a fact. Madame vice. Two more things you were asked on 60 about the biggest threat. The world faces that the us faces this what. Which foreign country do you consider to be our greatest adversary i think there's an obvious one in mind which is iran iran has american blood on their hands okay this attack on israel 200 ballistic missiles what we need to do to ensure that iran never achieves the ability to be a nuclear power that is one of my highest priorities. The number for experts thought you would say china the fbi director had said that but you said ron if that's the case what do you say to critics who look at the actions of your administration and say you're not acting like iran is the number one. Well i will tell you most recently whether it was in april or in october. Several hours on h occasion. That iran posed a. To is. I was there. I most recently in the situation room in the most recent attack. When the heads of our military. In doing what america must always do. To defend and to support israel. Requirement to defend itself. And to give american support. To be able to allow israel to have the resources to defend itself against attack including from iran and iran's terrorists proxies in the region and that is and my commitment to that. Is unyielding an unwavering critics just say that you either relax or fail to enforce sanctions on iran allowing all of this money to flow into iran like billions to donald trump that would have actually put the estimates. That that we had an american military base that was attack. Were american soldiers suffer traumatic brain injuries and donald trump dismissed them as headaches not to mention how donald trump has has treated and talked about america's military and military service people calling himself. That is grounded in full assessment of the facts which includes i think this interview is supposed to be about. The choices that your viewers should be presented about this election and the contrast is important and on the subject of iran i am offering. What should be an important. Contrast that is presented for folks to make a decision that they feel what the administration did and say and think differently very hard here. I hope you got to say what you wanted to say about donald trump there are a lot of things that there are a lot of things that people want to learn about you and your policies and that's why comma and you will see that i have 80 pages of policies that are quite comprehensive and should be accessible to anyone who would like to read them and it includes what i intend to do about affordable housing what i intend to do about small businesses what i do that's to see america. And best fighting force in the world vice president i thank you for the time thank you for the time thank you very much thank you. Listen ad free with a fox news podcast plus subscription on apple podcasts and amazon prime members can listen to this show add free on the amazon music app. Fox news contributors listen and subscribe now by going up fox news podcasts.com. 