On today's podcast when donald trump says he's got 45 minutes to spare you make the time to talk to him i got to talk to him yesterday you're going to hear part of what he had to say but make sure to hear the full comments all three segments check out the full podcast this is the best of also spencer clayton joins me on the program to talk about how science is actually pushing us back closer to god and not away from him also available on the full podcast you'll hear the first installment of what we hope you send your friends who may be just undecided voters there's a lot of today show and it begins in 60 all right i want to talk to you about a special good ranchers is doing right now you don't know this most people don't know this but there's all kinds of problems with with american meat because it's not american when you go to the grocery store it has little flag on his product to the usa it's not a product of the usa most of it is coming from overseas and we're putting our ranchers and our farmers out of business it has to stop i want you to know that one of the people that the companies that are doing so much for ranchers is good ranchers and they're running a presidential promo right now for a limited time when you subscribe to any other boxes you are going to get a free ad on for a full four years that's four years of free chicken breast applewood get 25 dollars off your first box free express shipping that's 1200 dollars in savings with all the meat and the chicken is seed oil free chicken nuggets no other chicken nugget on the market none here or abroad guarantee a pure seed oil-free recipe so go to good ranchers calm right now use the promo code plan to 100% american meat delivery. Not. What is the other one by the way do you know yet know we don't well we talked about that in this interview. We talked about. Everything in this interview and this is just spur of the moment we were talking about an interview for next week and he's like i've got time you want to do one. And i like in lieu of the other one and he's like know that. I mean the guy is just he never stops he never stops anyway. We talked about. The hurricane elon. The people that are surrounding kamala harris election cheating. Bill clinton and the illegal immigrants with lincoln riley tim walsh shotgun experience the broken teleprompter of kamala the possibility of nuclear war china's handling of co. And that's just the first. So hang on for a wild ride this is a fascinating interview it'll run in three segments this one and then next our two more. Here is. Interview part 1 with donald trump. Mr. Yes hi glenn how are you. I hear you just got off the phone with elon musk how did that go i did. Amazing world all by himself he's a fantastic guy. When i say that rocket ship come down yesterday i said you got to be kidding the way it landed right left. United states we were we were talking i think he is. One of the great i mean steve jobs maybe is in his category i don't think that i think he's the greatest mind and and not theoretical actually doing stuff in my lifetime yeah and he's a big supporter i know. Makes me feel good he knows what's going on he think. The most important election ever. Are you. Have you been serious about allowing him to go in and look for cuts and everything. Essentially scientists and. He feels it's there and you know i can say if you could save a lot of money and and make lives better okay. He would want to do that but. He would like to do something having to do with the budget. Cuz it's tremendous waste oh yeah and so and he's good at finding that i mean the way he runs his company. I mean it's tremendous. Is maybe the best at finding that help people love it when they hear that without making any dent to you know and make people's lives better actually it really. Is is such a statement. That he's probably the the most effective person on the planet of looking over the horizon and then bringing tomorrow into today. And the and the left because he likes you. He. I mean they just they will shut him down. Yep they will they try. He's hard to shut down because. Show advanced he's on a different playing field he's so. You shut him down you shut the country down essentially when you. Oh look at starlink so he had star. In north carolina they called is there any way you. And you know they have no communications whatsoever and i got i called him. Other than this supposed to be good. And i called him and he added to them immediately now they delayed him you know they delayed him we were. They put they put a hold on you know what he did we were on the ground my my charity mercury one was on the ground we were one of the first people on the ground we were running at. At the height i think we were running 50 helicopters and we had it all you know i mean we had everything we were there with elon's guy when they started. Jerking his chain they even came and tried to shut us down in ark i looked and said. You know you don't have a single helicopter here we're saving people in the mountains if you were here maybe a week ago sure but we're not shutting down. I mean it's it was really tragic what they did it's one of the worst rescues. Ever and i think in a league with katrina which was pretty bad some people say it's. And then they didn't let him do it i know places i know you can do things but they don't let them know it's a terrible thing left i think that's i think that's one of the biggest things that. You know when you say we're going to take our country back one of the biggest things that i miss is. The the ability to just do things that you feel are right that are legal but to just. Control of your own life the the government has grown so far out of control it's in every aspect of our life and it is the problem. Edison nasty government it's a mean government. The weaponized government. And they've done things and you know it's interesting because the people aren't very smart. People that surround them they are. And their vicious and their fascists and everything else you can be so it's a nasty group of people so somebody is is quite smart i mean sometime historian. We'll look back and say this was. A genius it was the biggest heist in human history it was horrible. But it was genius who's actually the. Well i think it's a it's a committee of people and they might not even know the committee is they may not even know themselves does that make. It's a group of people. That are in different levels of dc. And they surround the man that was not. The most capable person. By the way i never was right but certainly not anymore. She's worse than he is she's worse than. Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. Pocahontas okay pocahontas is probably for the left of bernie i think i don't know how you how you write i might have to go buy your scale i believe in your scale maybe more than mine but if you think about it you know we have some people and she is considered the most left in. In the entire senate and not the smart. Not by any means the smartest in fact maybe the opposite but she is i mean when you say she's worse i mean we were talking yesterday to mike lee about. You know her centerpiece legislation when she was in the senate which i think was called do no harm and it just dismantles religious freedom just entirely dismantles. We spent a lot of time. Yesterday with the latter day saints. Some incredible people and people of religion too just people of religion. She's against religion and it's in her but it's in her. She's against religion and i don't know how people can vote for her. We were talking about not so much you took cuz we have such a big lead there. We were talking about arizona. And you know do you take a look at arizona and i would certainly say in nevada. And you have a lot of latter-day saints mormons in those are. 88 i mean if we got 1% more or 2% more. And this whole country would turn around because if we won those. We would be an awfully good shape to win the whole thing is as you know so we spend time together and it was it was great and when i mentioned your name. I will say i mentioned glenn's name everyone in the place went crazy so they like you like you a lot that was a big audience i it was amazing they're electric i mean i you know you at one point lean over to me. What's your gut say and you know the you know the figures are you better than i do. My god says you're accelerating at exactly the right time and as i said to you. But for cheating. You told me that we've made a lot of good headroom or headway on. Well i think just by nature of that we don't have covid they use covid. And they did so many things so many different things but just the fact that they didn't get legislative approval i mean that's you don't have to go any further than that they actually go for legislative approval not get it you know like let's say it's a republican legislature. Not get it and then do it anyway it was just terrible and. They use covid to cheat now that number one that in itself makes it better now. But they are very devious group and you know it better than maybe anybody and you talk about it more openly a lot of people. They're afraid to talk about it you're not afraid to talk about it now it's well once you've been threatened by george soros once you've been threatened by george soros it kind of just everything else is kind of. Which is so crazy. It's so crazy. Kamala harris is cut from that exact same. Yes oh yes and that's a way of talking about it you know. I had a tremendous rally the night before the night before yesterday. And it was unbelievable and we and you heard about 10017. On a selection if we had. God coming down to be our vote counter wouldn't that be great if we can ask god to do it that would be the ultimate vote counter right because. I i think i do great i think we do great in california. I think would win it well you know they send. Like 38 million to a 36 million dollars they go all over the. And then they come pouring. And. You know when you go and vote into a really good solid state where you have a real and they look at you and they want your idea even if you're trump say yes sir please. Could i see your license could i see it. There's no gives you really can't get away with anything i know they don't have computerized. Do they have a paper ballots and they have voter id and everything else have you have you talked to elon musk about this cuz i think with i mean. You know this we can transfer billions of dollars and not a penny is lost we do it all day long and it's fine. How come we can't get the technology to lock this into place especially with block. So elon is the number one person for. Mechanical devices including computers there's no. And yet he says the only way to do it really safely is with paper ballots you know it's like something right. He said i i consider myself to be the world's greatest expert on all such things as this type of equipment right i would say i put him in number one. He's concerned because. You can make things swing and you can make things to a lot of bad things. He said but you can't do it with paper ballots when you know they have believe it or not they have paper now that's actually very highly sophisticated. You're not even allowed to ask somebody whether or not. If you do i think it's like a criminal act or. It shows our country's gone totally crazy right now you're listening to the best of the glenn beck program and don't forget to check out the full show for even more we're back with more after a word from our sponsor part 2 is coming up in just a minute first experience i've been suffering from a lot of pain in my back and my right foot for over two decades now i've tried everything. To make it go away and nothing has worked then about a year ago i heard glenn yapping about my words not his he said talking about relief factor and i thought i'd give it a shot not only did my pain go away it is stayed away ever since then thank you relief. You are welcome thank you for trying it at 70% of the people who try to go on to order more month after month it doesn't work for everybody but i appreciate the fact that they give you a 3-week quick start trial it's 1995 and they say. If it's not working for you in 3 weeks it's probably not going to work for. I love that it's not like yeah you. It's working you're just too dumb to notice that your pain hasn't gone away. Relieffactor.com call them now 1-800 the number for relief 1-800 the number for relief it's relief factor.com now back to the podcast you're listening to the best of the glenn beck program you and i were talking the other day about the the hidden trump. And i want to ask you your thoughts on on something i think there's actually. A hidden trump. That is going to come from democrats. Because they didn't convince people of these policies. They scared them into it they taught them shut your mouth and just go along with it and i think reasonable democrats are going this doesn't work i don't want my kids being talked to buy you know a teacher in secret that's that's that's that's the sign of a predator i am paying more for my groceries i can't do it anymore and i think there's a. A slice of the democrats. That might tell everybody there for kamal. We'll go in and vote for you what do you think of that so i think the biggest. Okay you know you see the polls in the polls have the economy number one in inflation i view them as the same thing in a sense i think the inflation and economy you can wrap them up. I actually think and i may be wrong but. You know nothing wrong by much i think the biggest the biggest thing that people are going to be looking at and voting on is what's happening at our border. Where murderers are allowed to come in and where drug dealers are allowed to come in and just destroy our country literally just right and inflation is a destroyer of the country too but it's a different kind of. It's a different kind of a destroyer it's not as mean it's not as mean as having guys coming in with machine guns i have to go ahead well i was going to say i don't know if you've heard this yet i want to play some audio this is bill clinton. Today talking about lake and riley listen to this yeah well it's been properly vetted that probably wouldn't have happened. But if they are properly vetted and that doesn't happen and america is not having enough babies to keep our populations up so we need immigrants that have been vetted to do work. There wouldn't be a problem. I mean he sounds like he's campaigning for you. Yep that's that's come a long way you see that's probably where they're. Anybody comes in just walk right into a country which is. And now all of a sudden you're hearing people talking about well you know we need people to come in come. 21 million people came in hundreds of thousands of those people. From prisons and. And drug lords and human traffickers and murderers and they. So we have a problem before he's a little late and saying it because we have a big problem we have people in our country that are. Going to be murdering a lot of people. Lincoln rile. Beautiful young lady i know the parents i know everything about her what happened to her is just horrible. But you have many many cases like that some you don't hear about but they're they're aur. Is really bad when you look at what these venezuelan street gangs have done. And they've taken over. Jd vance was talking to martha raddatz by the way brilliant. He says martha are you listening to yourself. You think this little problem is is is little. There are venezuelan gangs that are running apartment buildings in america it's amazing what these people will try to excuse. Not believable when you say it jd's been great by the way i love you. And as good as he's been waltz on the other side. I mean it's just it's just incredible i know you're i know your son i know i know your son is a hunter you have to ask him play that video of him trying to load the shotgun. I swear to you i mean i'm fairly decent with guns i would not hunt with that guy he looks like he's dangerous with a gun he's never done that. Now we'll see how it works out on november 5th because. One way or the other if they if they won i guess he was in a horrible pic but when i heard that they picked him i couldn't believe it and he's only gotten worse and she's gotten worse so you know she's worse than biden i really believe that she's worse than. Biden was his superior and they're fighting like cats and dogs to tell them so you think that's you think that's true. Oh yeah no well he's angry because. He got 14 million votes and he was thrown out he was this was an overthrow of a president i know this was an overthrow of an american president there's never been anything like that before. He won the primaries. And they came to see him and they said we want you. I'm amazed the agree to it actually. And you know the truth is she looks better than he ever did he looks better than he did for. For 5 years i don't know somehow he didn't play well as president. Ron ron desantis in florida instead of a job very good on the hurricane irma but he's done a very good job. The way she went at him. No that's crazy. Bill clinton clip i'm just wondering are they just like. Cutting her lo. I know i think they're trying to steer a different path now i think this thing is not working and we've. A very good run for 3 weeks and i think they're saying it's not working she's changed 15 major policies. You probably you're the all-time pro i would say if you've seen. Any candidate for high office change to it would be a lot oh yeah remember john kerry i think changed one or two things and he became you know the waffle man. I wish to see all of a sudden now wants to have a strong. And she acts like nothing happened you know where was she for 4 years right but but i've never seen anything like it if you go back 2 years just go back into or just go back into their. And listen to what she said and what she voted for. And now every one of those things have been thrown out so i don't know you know. Let's see what happens i can't imagine you can get away with. But there's another thing it's called comp. And you know she they tried to threat to democracy with me they tried it all they tried everything. But let's look at now their. The woman is not a competent person and i think far less comp. I never thought i'd be. But there's something going on i mean i watched her with the teleprompter teleprompter broke and she kept going that was amazing. No i said what's going on with him. You've been in television i've been a television we know teleprompters she had no idea what the next sentence was she was saying 32 as if hey prompter person i'm at the bottom of the page it was crazy. If that and you know what she could even say. My teleporter. And sometimes i do that and then you go on to make your speech you know you can't sit there and you can't walk off the stage right now but. A teleprompter is one of the most unreliable pieces of equipment that was a big truck the night before i had 101,000 people. I figured teleporters go out. 5% of the time and two or 3% of the time where they're just. I mean i've had a blow off the stage you know if it's windy they're not very good cuz they move like a sound you can't they're very hard to hold. Is. It's a. You've got to be if you're going to be in politics you have to be able to. But if and when the teleprompter goes you know this you've got to be able to speak. She's lucky that thing came back because you don't snap back it's called a snapback. It's not back for. She then started continuing to me i wish it wouldn't i would have loved to see how she would have ended that. Well i think it would have been a bad thing and she was she. She couldn't have done the 32 one more time i don't know. What frightens at least me is. She's not in control. Biden's not in control and they're talking about changing our nuclear strategy with russ. And i don't know who's making those decisions and. I have to tell you mr president i mean. Have you read nuclear war by annie jacobsen. Yes i have okay that's terrifying i don't know how you would make the decision as president of the united states that quickly. That is the biggest single. When these people talk about global warming and they worry about the oceans going to rise in 300 years by an 8th of. It just infuriates. At the same time i don't even like talking about nuclear right how bad it is okay so you know during my administration you probably never heard the word nuclear i don't i purposely. And now you're hearing it every single day you're hearing it all the time and you know issues and a lot is putin now he's saying that word i know i know and that will be. They will never have been anything like that the level of power i'm the one that rebuilt. I rebuilt all of our military rebuilt it at the highest level i hate it in many ways i hated to have to do the nuclear but i did because we have no choice. Other countries we have five other countries now that. As they say nuclear capable. And that's too many that's actually 5 too. The truth is i think i would have had a deal with russia and was china. 2d nuclearization we would have had. All three of us agreed on it conceptually and i think we would have done that but covid came along and we had to fight that. And we thought it will never get credit for it really but we fought it well. I got credit for the economy i got credit for the military we knocked out isis. Got the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts all that but i never got cut you know nobody knew what this was covid came in it was a gift from china i got it i got to tell you the way they the way they say that you didn't do enough when they were the ones bitching when you said i got to close to china we can't have this happen. And they they called you a big head and everything and now they're saying you didn't close it fast enough i mean are we do they really believe the american people are goldfish. Nancy pelosi crazy nancy she was going crazy when i said if i didn't close it from china then and you know what they're 11. And i was the only one that said i wanted. And you had to close it we would have. Probably a couple of million people more and and we really. I mean we would have lost millions of people more had i not done that that was a great. But you know nobody knew what this thing was and everybody got hurt that you know proportionately a lot of it was a lot of equals okay they all got hurt china ended up getting hurt very late in the pro. Almost scared of the issue it has really. You know people died of starvation can you believe. Either forgot or something happened but they didn't unwell. It's unbelievable but i was a terrible thing i have been bitching and complaining about the secret service for well since obama. We have. We have not been protecting our presidents. My people have gotten around the secret service. However i will tell you this. This weekend. I have never seen anything like the security that you have around you now it is. Top. And they said that you asked the president for. Rocket launchers or something to protect your plane. In case somebody shoots a rocket at the plane is that true. Well i better not get into it but they have a very strong security around the plane very strong security. And and they really. I mean they have to the one thing that we don't have is we haven't had a president saying if some country. Iran where there is actually a. To be president. If they do anything that you were going to obliterate the country. Because when you say that that's the end of that they won't do anything but. And we haven't heard that and other presidents have. You know. Proclamations as you probably have. There were two or three of them issue that way where even rivals rivals were being threatened and. A certain presidents were able to get up and say if you do this we're going to hit you so hard that you won't have a country left and when you do that they tend to say well let's take a password. But biden is not. Is not i guess not willing to do that. And i was where he was and it was you know him i would issue such a proclamation place. Endorsed a canned. I want you to listen just to the opening two paragraphs. In the november election the us faces two futures in one the new president offers the country better prospects relying on science solid evidence and willingness to learn from experience she pushes policies that boost good jobs nationwide by embracing technology and clean energy. She supports education public health and reproductive rights she treats the climate crisis as the emergency it is and seeks to mitigate its catastrophic storms fires and drought. In the other future. The new president endangers public health and safety and rejects evidence preferring instead to nonsensical conspiracy fantasies. He ignores the climate crisis in favor of more poll. He requires that federal officials show him personal loyalty rather than upholding us laws dare i say the constitution. He fills positions in federal science and other agencies with unqualified ideologue. He goes people into hate and division and he inspires extremist at state and local levels to pass laws that disrupt education and make it. To earn. What a choice. There is another side to this spencer clavin is just written a a new. Call light of the mind light of the world how science is actually leading us back to god and not away from him. Follow the science. Spencer klavan is with us now hi spencer how are you. Hey glenn i'm doing well thanks and i want to guarantee you at the outset that unlike kamala harris i actually did not copy paste any passages wow good for you that's hard to do that's hard to do as an author yeah yeah yeah yeah so. We have perverted science so much it's become nothing but pol. And if i'm not mistaken. You know i i heard something from somebody the other day and i did not know this. That the big bang theory. Was actually rejected by scientists at the beginning because it proved a first. It proved there was something before the big. And they they did science didn't like it because of a god. And now it's the it's it's sold as the. Yeah that's absolutely right this was a major. Conflict einstein was very worried about this when george lumetta. The father of what's now known as big bang theory came to him with this idea of he called it a day with no yesterday it was extremely unsettling because many scientists had kind of bought into this narrative that in order to do science in order to know the truth about. Reality and. Truth without superstition they had to be materialists they had to get rid of any notion of the divine or. The trans. And i think if you follow that logic down to its conclusion you actually end up. With a purely materialist view of science that does fall prey to things like endorsing kamal. But i thought. Doesn't it also lead us to just nihilism. Nothing has me we're just nothing but atoms bouncing around. Yeah i know there's no question that it does in this book in in light of the minds light of the world i traced the history of how this idea emerged and became. So powerful it was not the idea of the original architects of the scientific. Revolution some of us in school were taught. Story about a battle between the repressive church and the. Seekers of truth like galileo who had to fight against religion in order to do. That's not the true story at all the story. Tell here is the story about. Faithful men seeking god's truth galileo wasn't an atheist neither was isaac newton neither was johannes kepler basically all of the major figures who inaugurated the great age of science in modernity believed that they could know the universe because they believed that mankind was made in the image of god for that reason his mind was not just a random product of atoms bouncing around together it was not just an accident that happened to emerge in one little tiny corner. Of a dark universe and we're not as stephen hawking once claimed we were not chemical scum on a tiny planet in the middle of nowhere we're actually imprinted with the key to understanding. That was the road map that the architects of science plotted. Now gradually because the message that they devised were so powerful. There were some people in the wake of the scientific revolution who wanted to claim that knowing the physical world was knowing everything and that by understanding the mechanics of how material work. Who lived through the french revolution that was supposed to have said to napoleon i have no need of god. As in hypotheses and we shortly in short order not only in france but also in in russia we saw where that. Conviction leads we saw as you say that the nihilism of believing in only material which. Scientific revolutionaries would never have endorsed that nihilism leads to the raw imposition of power because if it's all just atoms bouncing around and there's no meaning or purpose no higher morality then you're just going to try to conform time and space itself to your political program which is what they did in the. Revolution is what they did under the soviet union. But we haven't yet fully grappled with her understood. That you might be able to get rid of god and even though we've been stuck with that narrative for so long we grew up with it in school. Science itself no longer supports. Idea so if you really want. To follow the science you actually need to do a hard reset on this presupposition we have that science and faith are inherently against one another the discoveries of cosmology is as you indicated glenn also the quantum revolution the turn of. 20th century upended our mechanistic idea of the universe and taught us some things that look a lot like. The book of genesis they suggested for instance that human consciousness has a unique and or at least a highly important role to play in constituting reality and perhaps even that. No such thing as a meaningful concept of matter without. Mind without some kind of observing. Principal or dare i say some sort of mind to speak to the universe into existence to see it and and call it good. So all of this is waiting there for us to take stock of and if we don't of course you know we'll end up. I have to tell you you know the nobel prize in physics just went to 2 ai scientist. And ai if we don't decide that. Life human. Is different. And that the that there is mind with a capital n m. We're going to be very very lost because they're going to come a time quickly. No that's life i mean. It's got to be life cuz it talks to me it relates to me it answers my questions and asked me philosophical question my best friend. And people will start to defend ai as life and then. We're going down a we're going down a hole that you just do not want to travel. No i mean i don't know if you saw that movie her with he was scarlett johansson that that wasn't supposed to be a prescription that was supposed to be a warning i know and you know the alan turing the one of the real forefathers of modern computing if not the originator of the computer. He wrote a famous paper in 1950 that's not become known as the turing test and of course this is a brilliant mathematician so it's not that he was a it was a dumb guy but he was. To this very idea that is a computer can fake being human then it is human and why did he think that which for my view this is exactly backwards so why is it that he thought that well he. That human beings are nothing more than machines for turning inputs into outputs we are effectively calculating. Ourselves and the only thing that we can know about ourselves is that we take in stimulus from the outside world and we turn out things that look like. Thoughts and emotions so if a computer can do that well it's doing what what we do but what's the logical next step well if for machines if we're. Buy some you know haphazard process it's only equipped to deal with our immediate surroundings and why should we expect to endure beyond the advent of these computers which can do so much more calculation than we can calculation is the point of life. Then we don't stand a. But of course we all know that calculation isn't the point of life none of us lives that way we live knowing that the human experience of things is itself irreducibly important and that if you take that away who cares what a machine can do so these are all things that we are being forced now. Something else. Spencer clavin he's all of his books are just tremendous deep deep thinker and this one's really important light of the mind light of the world by spencer clavin you can get it wherever you get your book. And i highly highly recommend it it is you can follow spencer on on twitter. At spencer clay. Or you can see his website rejoice ever more dot substack do. Spencer thank you as always good job it's a pleasure thank you bye-bye. Churches original recipe is back you can never go wrong with a restaurant participating location. 