The lower taxes causes increased revenues to the federal government because it heats up the econ. And i'm a small business guy when you lower my taxes it doesn't mean i put it in my pocket it means i hire people and so. Talk about lowering taxes in the first year of your ministry yeah you probably saw my plan and i think we have something really good i was yesterday in north carolina which is great that was the furniture capital of the world and china then went in and did a number. And we're going to bring it all back what we're doing is this sort of a two-faced number one that took taxes from 39 percent to 21% you know that better than anyone it's the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. But you have to manufacture your product here. And then you pay 15%. And then i'm going to put tariffs on the country so they can't come in and steal our business. So that our business is now can be competitive not that i mean china came in and just stole all our furniture and and many other industries by the way. Including. And i save steel by putting 50% on 100% tariffs on all of all of the steel that they were dumping but we're going to do so in other words this is a dream for you then we'll bring. Are the tax rate from 21 remember was 39 and it was really. 50 of you add state and local and full of the other things. We're going to bring it down from 21 to 15 i got it down to 21. Which everyone said was impossible and got it approved by congress so it's you know it's there. And we're going to bring that down to 15 but you have to make your product in the united states and we do see federal revenues go up. When the taxes 39%. And then down to 21% you would think would do half or you do much less in the first full year we did much more revenue in the united states than we did the 13th in other words we took in much more money which is how you solve the deficit i mean bill clinton almost balance the budget but yeah that's true that's true of course cutting to do too and that's okay. That was some interview we did a pretty big numbers i hear we did like 900 million people or something that was a pretty good but he's a great guy and he gave me a full endorsement and all of that but he's got a good sense on that this tremendous cost cutting that we can do. We're not going to affect anybody we're not going to hurt anybody we have to save social security and keep it good and solid i don't want to be raising ages or anything i don't want to do they're putting migrants into social security when when they get finished. They are if she got elected this country is going. If she got elected we're going back to 1929 depression. It would be a disaster for medicare social security they're allowing millions and millions of people to come in you can't use these schools anymore the quality of life in this country has gone so bad because of what they've done download the ramsey network app for more content that keeps you motivated. 