Everybody just wrapped up once again the biggest interview my entire life with number 45 in his own building president trump talk a lot about the afghan withdrawal talked a lot about china talked a lot about what's wrong with the country please like comment and subscribe share this with everyone you know much love from srs enjoy the show mr president trump. It's an honor to be here in vegas to interview you and so you need no introduction but i'm here is a us veteran i served in seal teams and is the cia contractor and i just want to talk to you about some of the most concerning topics when it comes to the the combat veteran population. Good and so i'd like to start with. Some rhetoric that's been in the news lately i don't believe it and there's been multiple times where the media is misconstrued some of the things that you say about veterans the latest being. Supposedly you call. Better and wounded veterans that have been shot or wound. Suckers and losers. Made-up story was made up by a magazine. And i think it was the atlantic which is a radical left magazine. And as soon as i heard it i said that's. A terrible thing and you don't get rid of it you know they make these things and they just use it and use it the opposing side they know it's false i had 26 people that said that never. Who would. A stupid person or a person that's mentally ill. And you know as you know better than anybody i rebuilt our military. We gave 86,000,085 billion over the way to afghanistan so stupidly but far bigger than even that i rebuilt our military. I had the best relationship with the military of any president. And respect the military more than anybody. And they just made up this horrible. I was. In his massive rainstorm. And i supposed to take helicopters to a certain place in paris a little complicated i don't want to be too complicated. And the helicopters weren't able to fly the military helicopters our helicopters. And i looked at it i said. Not going to be able to fly so i wanted to drive. By the time. Realize we had to drive it was very. And everybody talked me out of going and all of a sudden and it was a mistake i wanted to go and. Somebody made up the story that i said. And i have so many witnesses i have one of them in this room right now he's a witness that i never said it nobody would say that. And i went to one the following day in a big semut. But they said i said about soldiers i think it was world war i sold. The suckers and losers and. This was. Paris it was an american cemetery. And they said. And this was somebody. They make things up they don't even have sources. They make things up out of thin blue like a story. And i wanted you to ask me this question. I think it's a terrible terrible thing. But they make up. And then one guy who's a very son of a low life guy he is a. They got one confirmation. And 26 people said it never happened. The one confirmation was the guy that i fire. A terrible stupid person actually that couldn't do the job. And i fire. Any sort of confirmed it i don't know how he confirmed it but he did. It's a totally false story nobody could say nobody would say that and i would say this to military. I'm the president of the united states i say suckers and losers they gave their. It's just a a disgrace. Storage on. All i do is deny it we have so many witnesses. I said you know that's one of those questions where no matter how you answer. You lose you understand that i do i can sit here and talk about it for another 20 minutes. Even if they have a doubt you've lost just a little doubt they need only need a 2% doubt. I would think that if people heard that i think if i heard that maybe i believe it if i was in the military you know what do they know they're sitting there and they heard the story. Put out by this real rag that's failing badly losing a lot of money. And you know it's interesting i was doing a rally and. I was walking past press and some guy shouted to me i think from the mag. Is it true you called them suckers and lizards. Military in the graves. Now that's a loser because as soon as i heard it i said. That you can't respond to. Because no matter how vigorously you den. I mean they have an expression for it i won't use the expression but it's a bad expression it's when they ask you a question that no matter how you answer. It leaves a telltale st. And it's a shame that they can get away with it and we have libel laws now where you can do anything you can sue you can spend 25 million suing people. And they laugh at. It's a disgrace shouldn't be allowed but it is allowed since we're on a long form podcast and we're not going to take anything out of context or is there anything that you would like the veteran population to know about what you think of them that i love them that i respect them that i rebuilt our military that i got budgets that nobody's ever gotten that i increase their pay because of the respect i have. If you take a look at what's happening with the military. It's horrible under biden. This this woman this woman is a. She's a communist i guess i mean and i look at action i don't look at words. Define the police who is the head of defund the police now all of a sudden she wants to you know deny. She was for on the border she was the bull. And millions of people poured into our country. Add different prisons and they're from jails they're from mental institutions and insane asylums are all different you know. That's the mental institution on steroids as you know. And they're from in the terr. In many countries. Recently. They came in from the congo in africa. Where do you come from i think 22 people. But many more than. They're acting like the jails into a country they said where do you come from. Congo where in the congo jail. What did you do. They wouldn't. We have the toughest people in the world being dropped into a country and not from just south america from south america. Venezuel. The crime rates down 72%. Their prison population is way down their mental institution population is way down and this is true with many countries and that's because as a dumping ground they're dumping their prisoners. Did dumping their gang members ms-13 that dumping everybody into our country we have a totally open border. And she's a marxist she's really a marxist her father was is a marxist professor. This woman. Ran against i guess about 22 democrats. She was the first to leave the rice. She left the race before she even got to iowa the. Primary state as you. A lot of people followed and biden which is shocking because he's terrible. Terrible for the military by the way but he's the worst president in the history of our country in my opinion. And yet what happened to him shouldn't happen he got 14 million votes she got no vot. It was a coup it was an overthrow of a president there's never been anything like that. That doesn't mean he's good or he's copied it but he did win. And then they said we don't want you you know we had to deb. And after the debate he was 17 points down in poll. And i went to him they said you're not going to win you can't win. And we want to get somebody else. And he didn't want to go and he fought it and then they said i think they're going to pull out the 25th amendment. Which is mental acu. Or. And he said i'll go now they're trying to act like it was a friend it was a friendly he's a bitter man right now. What happened to. You go through primaries you win i mean you won against 22 people and i think he got very lucky. Things happened i understand exactly what happened but he got lucky but it doesn't matter he. Getting 14 think of it he got 14 million but she got none she never made it. To the. Contest which is iowa. And now she's running. Okay now i'm not complaining because she should be easy to. This country is not ready for a marxist or a communist this country is not ready for somebody that wants to defund the police. That said they will never be fracking in our country if we don't frack if we don't drill for oil and gas. We won't have a country because that's where the power comes from that's you know we can talk about all sorts of things but. That's the power that powers up our plans. I'd like to. I'd like to talk about the power group but i like to start with one of the major concerns in the veteran community is the way that the afghanistan withdrawal happened we had 13 service members killed one missing an arm and his leg 7.1 billion in equipment left behind. Allies in afghanistan have been abandoned people that we fought alongside with for 20 years we left the intelligence. Hit our bases. Depict where they live biometrics everything taliban's hunting them down killing them raping their wives raping their kids. We evacuated 120,000 +. Afghans that are unvetted we have no idea where they're at in our country and now we're sending them 40 to 87 million a week. It's so bad. Do we actually. I did an interview with ahmad masood he's the leader of the afghan resistance. We wanted to get in front of congress to warn us about. The oncoming threat that we're facing because we're finding the taliban we had made a petition it now has almost 300,000 signatures. We got it to representative mcc. He's done nothing. Not one. Why do you think. Congress doesn't want to see. Well i'm surprised when you say macaulay is a good man. But i was so against that whole thing you know just so you know. I wanted to get out but i want to get out with dignity and strength i spoke to the head of the talib. What numeric. Because they were killing our soldiers. They were snipers. And they were killing our soldiers. During obama. Add a little bit during me at the beginning. And i heard about. And i should get the head of the taliban in the press went crazy when they heard i was speaking to on the telephone. And i told him. Well pretty tough. He's still there he's still. Fashion don't. And he understood. And in 18 months not one person was killed you know that during my time. Nobody would have been. Tell me how to rigged election. And they took over. Started in a lot of places russia started to form. Along the. Would it never happened if i was president. But with the and by the way october 7th would have never happened in israel because iran was. Did no money to do anything now they have 300 billion dollars they made it all in the last three and a half. I said anybody that buys from i just wanted to have a deal with. Very simple deal can't have a nuclear weapon. I want them to be happy i want them to have great lives i wanted to have a great country can't have a nuclear we. Very simple and i would have had that deal done within a week after the election but the election was a disgrace to our country another disgrace how much but with with afghanistan. You got to get. But we were going to get out with dignity and. We're going to take our people out our americans are we have people living there you said better than anybody could say. When you said raping the wives raping the people. I mean i assume that could be happening but can you imagine we didn't take. The military ran out first it's almost. They ran we didn't remember this we didn't have. Problem for 18 months with them in the taliban's rough they're good fighters. Their ancient fighters in a way their equipment and everything else but they're good very good. But we had no problems. And then when this happened and when i was. They heard that the military was gone. And i could just imagine somebody coming back and saying abdul abdul the americans have. The soldiers. He probably said you. Don't ever tell me that that nobody could be so stupid. But millie was a stupid person very stupid but you know we have great generals but millie was stupid. Guys like john kelly are one of the he's one of the dumbest people i've ever met. A bully but a weak bull. And you know we just have some stupid people. Kelly wasn't so involved in. We have. Really stupid people at. A little bit lower down the non television generals are phenomenal i beat the you know i took it 100% of the isis cal. It was supposed to take 5 years i did it. 3 weeks. And we have great generals and we have great military and they're not working you know the people that are welcome that people the top people they should all get. And i'll tell you another thing i fired a lot of people. When they don't do a good job by fire. I think it's important. Biden's never fired anybody she's never fired anybody. Everybody involved in that horrible most embarrassing day you understand that i think it's the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. That's what i did and it gave president she of china the right to fly bombers all over taiwan you know what she's doing i mean it's just a question of time. Although i get in i think it's a different story. But it gave him. Is it right to do things that he never did with me he never was flying the other day they flew 38 bombers over to one of the surrounded by ships and there were a lot of bad things are happening there but. Whoever worked on afghanistan. Should be fired the general should all be. That was the most incompetent thing they left first and they left bagram is one of the biggest air bases in the world you probably know that your military guy. With the most powerful runways like 9 ft thick and you know. Can handle the biggest loads of cargo and everything. But more importantly its 1 hour from where. China makes its nuclear weapons. And we gave it up just walked away just left the lights on walked away they left the dogs too by the way you know a lot of people say what about the dogs at a lot of dogs. The german shepherd special dogs they left them all they left them or you can tell them doesn't like dogs by the way. But they left the dogs. Turn off the lights on. There's no reason to leave but they did we did want to get out but we want to keep i want to keep i. I was going to take all the equipment first of all i was going to get the americans out then i would have gotten some of the people that helped us but you don't want to go crazy with. And then you know the interpreters etc. Because we had some good people that are probably dead now you know the people that got on those planes that was like survival of the fittest the toughest people got on the plane. Enemies of ours in many cases and they got on those plans and many of the people got on those planes but they didn't get inside they were on the outside and they fell off the plane at 3,000. Which is like three times the height of the empire state building. They fell off the plane those scenes of those planes taking. Way up in the are going at 400 miles an hour. The people falling off the. They don't talk about that. They don't talk about the border and just. Bring you up-to-date today was learned that 818,000 jobs. That they said were produced we're not prod. They don't talk about that yesterday it was. Reveal 2 days ago it was revealed that joe bid. And the family stole 27 million. Can you imagine if trump stole 27 million dollars or two dollars. They would have stopped everything they would have stopped the democratic convention they said let's make it next. Biden it was revealed by congress by committees in congress i think three committees. Confirm 27 million dollars by the family of something having to do with. And you don't hear about it i don't i didn't see any stories about it i saw a little piece on fox. But outside of that i didn't read one story about can you imagine. They confirmed the 27 million dollars the night that he made the speech. Which was a very nasty. The hatred. The people that overthrew him there was an overthrows it was a. He screams everything is. He's like screaming all the time. It's like very uncomfortable. But i understand he's screaming is that she's got a disorder. Nancy pelosi. Barack hussein obama. And a group of people went to them they said we're going to. You need to get out or. Wheel in the 25th amendment. What did you think when you got that. That he was leaving that he was leaving did you know he was going well there's a lot of speculation. Contact with him was during the deb. And the debate was very early if you remember cuz he didn't even have the nomination yet or you know so. I didn't care i gave up everything i said they gave me a thing they really didn't want to debate they gave me cn. They gave me. Dana. They gave me who's the internet exactly my best friend. And they gave me. What i used to call fake tapper but i don't call him fake anymore because i thought they were very fair both of them were very fair during the debate but but they gave me two people that i would never take they gave me a network that i would never take a cable station cn. They said we'd like you if you were both sit down i said let's stand up okay i was able that's the only point i. And they gave me. All of these are they said there's no audience i'd rather have an aud. But they say there's no audience and they say we're going to cut your mic off after. So they gave me everything. And i thought i'd reject it i said i'll take. Because it was the only way i could debate. They were surprised i. But they said i had to go forward with it and we went forward. I wouldn't say he performed brilliantly this was not winston church. And he was very white you know he wore a very white makeup i don't know what happened i don't think his makeup artist did a great job actually i walked in i said man to see. But but he didn't perform too. That's where it started with him you know there was no chance of that happening before that yeah even though i didn't think it was exactly sharp it wasn't the brightest bulb in the ceiling is the expression go. That's when it started and then he did a series of interviews to show that he's actually okay and they were real set up interviews george lopez from abc abc's the worst of the group by the way you know they're doing the debate they're going to do the. I made a deal with fox. And abc and also nbc. He's turned down foxy's turn down nbc he'll only do abc abc is actually the worst of the. Believe it or not. The nastiest. If you're in my line of work which can be a very dangerous line of work by the way i was telling the people at the border they said. There are some people out there that are pretty rough on the border and i said i think so. But i said to him you. It's actually very dangerous being the president's actually a pretty dangerous line of work if. Just look at the. Number of people. Didn't exactly make it the proportion. Is very much higher than race car drivers or. 15 times. But it's i said it's a dangerous line of work but you have to do it. And you have to do it properly they're saying are you sure you want to be here. I say i have an obligation to be here the borders are very unsafe place. And we have to straighten out the border the borders. Who is this kam. Never went to the border she went to a border that you would take your family and. Essentially never went to the border she was the borders or she was the worst borders are in the history of the world there was never a border so bad as this one. I'd like to go to russia ukraine that's a major concern of a lot of americans with sent over $175 billion dollars we've seen no progress. And so i think a lot of people want to know. When you get into office if you get into office. Will you be able to set selinsky in putin down and have them negotiate a deal so that we can spend the next $175 billion dollars on our own. So let me. Two. Should have never happened would have never ever have and didn't happen for 4 years there was no talk about russia going. I knew putin very well i got along with him actually. And that's a good thing not a bad thing by the way you know people say oh you got along with what the stupid press. Some of the stupid friends some of the press is not stupid at all. That's a good thing. He's got 1800 nuclear weapons. The biggest risk today you know when i hear these poor fools talking about. Global warming they don't go with that anymore they call it climate change because you know some parts of the planet the cooling and call me it didn't. So they finally got it right they. They just. Climate change they used to go to global war. You know years ago they used to call global cooling in the 1920s i thought the planet was going to freeze now they think the planet's going to burn. And we're still waiting for the 12 years you know we're down almost to the end of the 12-year period you understand that. Lunatics that know nothing they weren't even good students at. They didn't even. They predict they said that we have 12 years to live and people didn't have babies because they said. Isn't the fact that the oceans and 500 years will raise a quarter of an. The problem is nuclear weapons its nuclear. The level of power of the nuclear weapon today. You take a look go back many many decades and. Hirosh. Nagas. That was so many years ago. And now you look at today and multiply that. What took place there. 300 400. The biggest risk is that always that always. But we also have some very bad people you know you have crazy nancy pelosi and all these lunatics within our government they're lund. And and it's a real problem. The biggest problem we have. And the world has is weaponry weaponry of other kinds to not just nuc. What kind of weather is so massive and so powerful and so destructive. Andy's poor fools talk about global warming all the time. You know the planet's going to get. It's going to global warm to a point where. The oceans will rise in 8th of an inch and 355 years you know they have no idea what's going to happen to. In the meantime we're spending our wealth on. What would we have we have people show. Nuclear capability now you have five countries. Would nuclear capability that is so devastating it would be obliteration. What would you like to see happen with russia ukraine how would you like to see that deal go down i would have never happened. Didn't happen you know a lot of people say well how do we know actually democrats even say that wouldn't have happened october 7th israel wouldn't have happened but. No putin very well. I told him don't do it it was the apple of his eye we were talking a lot. And ukraine was the apple of his eyes that don't do it don't. I will go exactly what i said in terms of why you can't do it but you can't do it and he wouldn't have done it he wouldn't have done. But when he saw in afghan. I think that's when he really said this is a time that he can go in and i was. By this time i was. But when he saw afghanistan. I think that changes whole thinking toward. He lost. For the united. He also has no respect for. Who does. Show putin. Zelinsky. Was involved in the. Impeachment hoax number one that was a couple of. Which i won both of. But he was very honorable. I made a very innocent phone call to him to congratulate him. One of the people that work for me not the brightest. Asking me to call zielinski call zielinski please call him and congratulations cuz they wanted to do an oil deal or something i said call him and you know for the united states. And call them and congratulations kept asking me i finally i. They took that call which was a congratulatory. And they made it into an imp. And i will say i got great support from the republicans and the republicans in congress i think. I got $196 out of 196. When did you ever hear that about the republicans right you know i had great support jim jordan and all these guys that. So it was wiped. But i got to know zelinsky then because. Add a news conference or something. Did president trump say anything that was. Threatening to you or bad this was the reason you got a picture can you believe. And he said not at all he was very he was a gentleman he called me to congratulate me. Said it was a very normal. Now he could have grandstand. I respect him for what he did he could have said oh yeah i felt very threatened and. Just the opposite he said. Nothing he did nothing wrong. And. Should have ended it all but he was very honorable. I know other people might have done something that could have been different now it also changed because. The phone call. That was a perfect. And they had already started the impeachment process. And when crazy nancy pelosi. The phone call which was. Great stenographers military stenograph. Every word was perfect i am very professional every word was exactly my conversation as it was. Congratulations i actually. If you find any corruption in your country. Please report it to the attorney general of the united states which they have to do you know we had an agreement with them. Because ukraine has been traditionally a very corrupt. I said if you find any corruption please report it to the attorney general what's better than. And basically i congratulated him on his victory but when he went and by the way when they saw that the car was essentially recorded. They. They said how can nancy pelosi looked at this idiot. And said how can you get us to do this you know shifty shift is the one that sort of led the charge. He made up all sorts of things you know many of them made up statements about the call and it turned out to be totally wrong because when they. Tap. The statements were total. But because they're in that building you're not allowed to sue them for. I tell you zielinski was. It was 100% good so i and i've said this before. I will. Have that war. When i'm president-elect meaning. Before i get to office on january 20. Many more people have died in that wore them is being reported i think you know that you're a pro with the. Thank you get it you know. You're skeptic you almost have to be a skeptic especially when you see all the lies. But that war is much more devastating than people understand. The people freeze to death in the winter you know rush is. Winter fighter they. They beat germany and they beat napole. And they're a massive military. Ukraine isn't ukraine. But ukraine has us giving them a lot of money one. One of the things that's unfair. You mentioned 170 or. I think we're into 250 250 billion worth of equipment in money and everything else. In europe is probably at 75 or. And i said they have to equalize why are you. It's much more important for europe than it is for us we have an ocean separating us. Where is russia's right at their door. And ukraine is always been like sort of a guardrail it was you know it. Soviet union for a while et. Problem you have and the. Most. Is all you have to do is say. You got to catch us you know. Europe if you add up the countries. Is essentially the same size as the united states. Because of certain things i did were actually now bigger but the economy is relatively the same you know you add up all the european countries and compare. And they should be. They should have paid at least $150 billion dollars more than they. Well way ahead of. And i say they have to equal. But i will get that war set. It would have never began it's so devastating. Many more people when you're going to see the end result just like they lied about jobs today. Were the 8197 jobs. That wasn't supposed to come out that was supposed to come out after the election and had a leak or somewhere in. Statistical department. In department of. What what would you have. Invested at 175 billion dollars into our infrastructure would you have maybe put it into the power. Well your power grid we have everything i mean it's very we also have 36 trillion dollars in debt you know we're doing all of this you know when i rebuilt the military. I came. And you probably remember this i thought it was terrible. We had no ammunition did you know that we had no ammunition or ammunition stock. Empty because we had given it to all these people that we defended that hate. I. And just before i got there there were people saying. In our military. That we have no ammun. I said who are these stupid people that would say that anyway why would you say that. Why would somebody say we have no it's terrible even if it's true you don't want to say it. We had no am. Over the first year first thing i did was fill up every storage house. Get away these empty storage house they were packed to the gills. And then these guys gave most of it to almost all of it at least now we have no ammunition again by the way. These guys gave the ammunition to ukraine they. Massive amounts of missiles and bullets and everything we gave it to ukraine. So i would say this ukraine and in a lot of ways is very brave but if we didn't help them they would have lost in the first. We did help. But they should you know they should have done much more. As you remember when i first came in. At the time we had 28 countries. And only seven of them were paid. The rest of them were delinquent they owed the money huge amounts of. Obama would go there and make a speech and then leave. Made a speech and he left i. Looked at the books and i said you. You haven't. You got to pay. And i went back the next time and i said you got to pay if you don't pay they said. If we don't pay one of the. Presidents of one of the countries. If we don't pay will the united states defend us against russia in case of a war i said no when it won't even think you mean your delinquent if you're dealin. We are not going to defend you if you're del. As soon as i said that the money came in by the billions you know i got $400 billion dollars. Why should they pay of the united states. Yeah and i said we will back you they would not affect you. Join me in my special guests for the next behind the scenes experience exclusively available on vigilance elite patreon the behind-the-scenes footage is raw and uncut this is as close to the set as you can possibly get you can expect anything from off-topic conversation studio tours the final moments before the interview starts and everything in between the behind the scenes content is constantly evolving and will continue to bring you more as we grow you can gain access for just $15 a month. Exclusively at vigilance elite patreon. I know everybody out there has to be. Just as frustrated as i am when it comes to the bs and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed. I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world and so one thing we've done here at sean ryan. Is we are developing our news. In the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former ca targeter some of you may know her as sarah adams call signed superbad. It's made two different appearances here on the sean ryan show. And some of the stuff that she has uncovered and. Broke on this show is just absolutely. Mind. And so i've asked her if she would. Contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence. It's going to be all things terrorists how terrorists are coming up through the southern border how they're entering the country how they're traveling what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part the newsletter is actually. We're not going to spam you. Spell one newsletter a week maybe two if we release two shows the only other thing that's going to be in there besides the intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that but. Like i said it's a. Cia intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments. We'll see you in the. How many are delinquent and i took a lot of heat from the press for that. Because they. President trump wants to get out of nato this look nato is very unfair to us. Because we. Far more than we should be spending. These other countries which many of them are very rich. They don't. It's a very unfair thing nato for us. Is a very unfair. But the worst part. You're up to us on trade is horrible they don't take our farm products. They don't take our car. I said to angela merkel uncle how many chevrolets do you have in the middle of germany. She said none i said that's. How many do you have in. She said. I said that's right you know how many mercedes-benz's bmws and volkswagens we have millions. I said it's going to have to change. They take advantage of us on. Not quite like china. But not that far off we lose 250 billion dollars a year. Europe trading with. We defend them because the nato deal was so bad but i made it much better and i got them to pay. And 2% is too little by the way also that you know 2% is. The right. But i got them to pay so we defend them a very bad deal for us we were paying. Before i got there i say we were paying 90% of the cost of. 90 yes and i hate to use this word cuz you have some. Brilliant future soldiers. But they screw us. And we're defending. It's always a one-way street you know when i came in. We had such bad trade deals with south korea with japan abby was great by the way is a great man he got a assassin. But we had such bad trade deals with so many countries china. I made a great trade deal with john i have to buy 50 billion dollars a year of our product. I don't even talk about it because when covid came in it was such a bad you know i had a great relationship with president she and i will again. But and i don't see. A lot of people think oh you have to be tough. We have so many advantages but we're not going to have the advantages long if we don't. Get. And now we have really stupid people running our country can you talk about what are some of those in spanish what are some of those advantages that we have over time we have economic advantages. We have very big powerful companies. We have companies that were formed a long time ago when we had. Entrepreneurship was very important today everybody wants to give everything away you know i reduce taxes in our country the largest tax cuts in history largest regulation cuts in history that's why i had the best jobs anybody that we had to bounce back after covid but we had just prior to covid coming. We did better on the economy than the countries ever done ever in his history not even close. And we did a great job in covid i never got the credit i always got credit for the military. I got credit for isis and the middle east. Getting rid of the worst some of the worst. In the history of the world you know. When i hand it over when had that horrible election. Which was a much better election united again much better in the second time that i did the. But this time i think we're going to do better than both of them by far i think there's more enthusiasm because they see how stupid they are. You know they didn't know that. Cuz i was running the company the country and what happened is now they see the incompetence open. We don't know each other but i look at you. Can you imagine somebody say. We want open borders so the entire world can release their prisoners into our country why are they allowing. Because biden. Cam. And all of these people. They want it i called her. I have different names you know it's very interesting. Very very interesting. There's so many names you can call. But the most important name. She's a. That's her ideology. She wants to destroy our country. Are they doing this for the. Every single thing. You know where they come from okay every single thing that she believed in her whole life. Define the police you know she was a defender big deaf. She was somebody that bailed out all the people that destroyed minnesota and minneapolis during the r. She literally. Raise money to get these absolute thugs out of jail. And this is a woman. Define the police when you're at the front of the police that's about maximum okay then you don't get. No drilling of oil of any kind that means pennsylvania goes bankrupt because pennsylvania is the biggest. Just about the biggest fr. And it's it's a big percentage of their. Economic wealth and their employment is about 500,000 people. Pennsylvania i can't imagine anybody from pennsylvania voting for. This person. But this is a person that shouldn't have been there she she tried to get there. The craziest. And i think she's going to fail because this country is not ready. Because she's you know that's a connotation. This country is not ready for a. As a president or a communist as a president she may have gone into that she skipped the socialist you know that was skipped over. Issues beyond. We're not ready for that. Let's talk about the assassination attempt on your life. Who's another one i saw today. Volume 10% sure it wasn't quite the same thing they had somebody that they took. Yeah but that wasn't a bullet going at 4,000 mi an hour at you you know that was. Is this coming from i mean we look at the context there's a lot of speculation about this but if you look at context. The media has been against you then there was russia gate then there was the impeachment then they kicked you off all of your social media platforms they prosecuted you and the last was. There was an assassination. Was that really a loan. Do you know in history if you study history would you do probably more so than i. They say andrew jackson was the president that was. The most tormented. As a president they really want to have. Second was abraham lincoln. But he had the civil war so you would maybe expect that. And now people are saying but nobody sluss think of. I won between teach me twice that's crazy nancy pelosi. She's no good bad so bad for the country. An evil person. A sick person i think she's a very sick. But that. Is a large portion of the democrats like adam schiff adam schiff. He'll probably be a senator. And he's just a bad guy you know he's a bad guy. Are there a lot of bad people over there. I think i can say that there's never been a president treated like this. The reason i'm being treated like this is i want a strong military i want to border i want you know i want things that you would like i. Low taxes i want great jobs i want to make america great again all of these things. Nobody cares about. Nobody cares about. Nobody cares. A lot of other. I rebuilt our military. I cut regulations more than anybody in. I'm against destroying. Country based on. Environmental things. Are not true it's just they're just not true they want to destroy our country. They're called environmental extremist. And i don't know if they actually believe you know it's interesting. They don't want us to produce any energy any you just you know. Stillwater country to go to. In your china's building a cold. Every single. And cole is okay they actually have methods now with cole becomes clean call all right but think of. Through the air current. We can have the cleanest country they can give. They can give up the cows which they like. You know the cows they want to give up no more meat they don't want cows they don't want. They can do everything perfectly. Vag. Was the net that are. Over a period of about 4 days. Close right over the united states so what are we. In john kerry would go over there. In his you know privately. Airplane his wife was a heinz married to heinz. Then she's wealthy and have a beautiful plane and he'd fly over there. And spewing whatever they. Parade. President. Any talk about the environment. In president xi. Great players a great poker play. And he was very nice talking to oh yes we are working very hard way not going to do anything just words. But think. That was the gar. The garbage flows down the pacific into the pacific do you know the garbage. Goes right along our west. We take tons and tons. Of garbage from china and other asian countries out of the water. We don't talk to him about it we don't charge them. It's so unfair. You had mentioned that. China's producing a new coal plant power plant every. How how are we going to if you get in he's also said that the. Race for ai whoever achieves that will be will achieve global domination. How are we going to compete with china in the artificial intelligence space. If we don't up our energy production if somebody like this marxist gets in. I really don't believe it can happen when she's exposed i don't i can't imagine but if that happens we're not going to be able to. With anything. Gas you know we were energy independent with me first time. And will soon going to be energy dominant we have more oil and gas. I called liquid gold under our feet than any other country more than saudi are. We're more than any other country more than russia. We're going to be energy dominic but we're already energy we didn't need anybody's energy we didn't need our ships going through. Areas near the. Arabic world where the ships get blown out of the water we didn't need anything from anybody. We're energy independent nobody can believe it get whatever their energy dominant think of. Ai is important than other things are important but a. Do you know that. You will need. More energy electricity what they need is electric. That specific. You will need more electricity than we have right now for everything for see the strip behind us and this big building. Edit all up everything in the united states. You'll need double the energy that we produce right now just for that one industry if we're going to be. The big player and dominic and we're not going to be the big player than china's going to take over that industry very easily. The problem is so we have to produce massive electricity that we don't. But the environmental impact statements won't allow us to do that. The rules and regulations that we currently have won't allow us to do any of it not even a tiny fraction. But if i'm president will be able to do it. And we'll do it through natural gas which is clean. And we'll do it through. Primarily natural gas. Nuclear nuclear. Has become very good very safe and you build a smaller plants and you attach. But nuclear is very powerful very good. The wind doesn't work it's very expensive kills the birds destroys everything around it is very very very very very very very bad it's the most expensive energy wind and then every 9 years you have to replace the turbines you know they're made out of steel and they wear. But we will. Tremendous electricity for our company for a country. And that will allow. Ai to. And you're right whoever gets that it's going to be a big advantage you know that's going to be sort of the oil of the future. And we have to be the main player would you i read. Elon musk said that he would accept a position in your cabinet would that have to do with artificial intelligence if he chose. Have a great relationship. Music totally unusual character do you know anyone that i don't he's. Annie smart. We have to cherish our geniuses you know we don't have too many of them. But he is a brilliant guy. And what he really would like to do is. Get involved in cutting some of the. And he does know how to do. He loves the country you know it's just an amazing thing we had a conversation the other day. You would know better than me but i hear it at hundreds of millions of people i heard. The biggest audience that there's ever been i mean would you say that's the correct sentence has never been anything even close. I heard 750 million people. Numbers that are. And. Yeah he wants to be involved now look he's running big businesses and all that so he can't really i don't think it would be. I put them in the cabinet absolutely but i don't know how we could do that with all the things he's got going. He can sort of as the expression goes cons. With the. And give you some very good ideas like on ai there's nobody knows more about it than elon it's a big you know big thing. And he said it's very important to me it's very important for the country if we don't do it tonight it's going to do it or somebody else but most likely china. In china is working right now to develop massive electricity. A flood of electricity a massive flood of. And we don't because we have people that don't even they're not even thinking about that and you have to. We have to win this election this election is going on november 5th will be the most important day. My opinion in the history of our country because of our country goes. The wrong way with this election i think this country is do. What do you think your biggest challenges with being elect. Will a weaponized government they've tried that one and that drove me up actually actually drove me probably saying that it drove me up i don't know how many points better. Considerably the people don't buy. But they've weaponized government we've never done that before. The vicious people these are vicious people you know i could have done that to hillary. She was totally what she did was so bad. She got a subpoena from the united states congress and she destroyed everything. You go to jail for that for years and if you did it as a private person you go to jail. She destroyed everything and i. Wouldn't it be terrible i had won the. Shouldn't it be terrible. Do i have the wife of the president of the united states a former president of the united states being put in. And i meant that i think it would be terrible. And i could have pushed that very easily. Gets out of the. And now they come after me i say always in that nice these are vicious people they're vicious. But they're not talented people other than in that way. They're very talented on cheating in elections. They're very talented on. But they're not talented in terms of. Policy. We want to have strong borders. We want to have great elections we want a free and fair elections. We want to have incentive so these great companies don't move you. You're talking about doubling taxes cuz i gave the biggest tax cut in. Did not want to double and triple and quadruple and even. Terminate the taxes that i gave the big tax cuts which. Lyft taxes in this country. Four or five times so people and i'm in middle income people would be paying four or five. They would be paying much more money. But what would happen then if they did that jonas you know these are international companies that may be based here now but they're basically international companies they'll leave the united states. They'll take their job so go someplace. Every company in a lot of the pharmaceutical companies went to ireland. I don't know that a lot of people didn't know that. These companies can get up and they can go. They'll go when you can say we're going to have you pay 50% tax and all. I got it down from 49% down to 21%. And it was the greatest job boom anyone's ever seen an interestingly the tax rate was. And yet the country took in more revenue. With with lower a lower rate we took in more revenue than we did when it was high because the incentive was so. And i incentivize companies to bring the money back offshore to bring the money that billions trillions of dollars. Like 3 and 1/2 trillion. But there was no way to get it back there was no mechanism. And the tax and the penalty was. And i reduce that and i got apple as an example brought in. Billion. Company started bringing their money back into the united states using it to bill. But if you don't do if you don't take care of these people they're going to go to another country their international. In china want. And all of europe want. And we can be the tough guy like this. This person that should not be really running for president. It's very dangerous thing to have a. Person running for president with the views that she's got you know when you're a politician and you come out with something early that's usually where you are. So she came out with all these different things open borders to find the place called that's where her thinking is that's where she is that's how she grew up. We're running out of time and i have two questions that i think are very important one. Once again the media construes what you. Everything i read says that the one of the biggest challenges in europe in the upcoming election is going to be the women. I think a lot of people think that is because of the rhetoric that. They're saying about your stance on abortion so i'd like to get. Your stance on abortion unfiltered uned. So you have real. For 52 years it was in the federal government. Democrat-republican everybody nobody wanted it. The great legal scholars nobody want everybody wanted it out and they wanted it to be back in the states. There wasn't discussions about. 16 weeks and all the different discussions. It was just it had. It had to be a stage. I'm for exceptions ronald reagan was for exceptions for the life of the mother raping. And most people now are for most republicans are for exceptions the exception in other words the. I was able to do something that nobody thought was possible. Get it back to the states. And the states now. And people can make their own decisions within the states this is where every legal scholar every democrat every republican wanted it roe v wade you've heard this. Legally. I'm a very bad place to have it in the federal government for a lot. I got. Three great justices that i put unloaded. In my opinion great justices. They got. And now it's in the states and if you take a look at ohio recently. In a very liberal fashion i must tell. Kansas voted in a very liberal fashion but some will be more liberal and some will be perhaps more conservative you know. Was ripping our country. And it's now being settled at the. A lot of people are praising it a lot of great. Lawmakers of. And it's working out and states are. They're coming up with. Negotiations and they're doing it and a lot of reasons why this is the right way to do it but roe v wade was always considered to be something that just shouldn't be there in the federal government. If you look at what's happening at all of these votes that have been. And others are being taken florida is being voted on now. It's all. It's it's very interesting you're going to have something that was tearing our country apart for years this is all they talked about roe v. It's going to be done by the states and that's what's happening right now. And basically the people are going to be voting on. And that issue has become a much smaller issue. Since this is originally happened when everyone said oh you take it away. Dual. Okay now one as far as women are concerned. I think they like. You know what they like. Because i'm going to give them safety and security. I'm going to give them safety at the border we're going to have a close buddy you know we have very few people i had the record. I wish i had it i have the graph of my all-time favorite graph cuz that's when i turned over. When i turned over to say let me see the graph i turned over. This was a graph. Immigration. And but when i made that right turn you know the bullet came. And it whacked my. There's only my. It was a bloody mess you know i never realized that they told me at the hospital i said why so much blood they say when the ear gets hit it's the bloodiest part of the body i didn't know that because of cartilage the doctor gave me a little lesson in medicine. Which i don't know if i wanted to listen to that particular time but i was bleeding pretty badly but i did say why so much and the ear. I don't know if you've ever heard that but it's. You can hit other places you don't bleed as much so. But i turned to the right. Look at the chart and if i didn't turn to the right very strongly you saw that i was looking and went this. I didn't know i wouldn't be here but that's the lowest the. You know numbers we've ever had in terms of illegal immigrants coming into our country and by the way. I want people to come into our country i want people we need it for labor for a lot of reasons but i want them to come in legally i don't want to take the prisoners i don't want to take gang members i don't want to take people that are going to be nothing but. But women i believe. Like me because. They feel very strongly that i'm going to give them better security with the military with the borders with the police. Can i have a i have. The endorsement of almost every major police group in the united states right now. I have one last question. I think that one of the. Biggest problems within the country is the distrust in the united states government. I'm one of them i have zero trust in any government agencies have zero trust in our congress and are sent anything. Are we having a government that's not functioning right now. How are you going to gain the trust back of the american people within the government. Are we going to see anybody held. The answer is yes on the 2nd they're going to be held. They've got to be held accountable what they're doing to destroying this country they're crooked people. Did dishonest people they're going to be held account. What i find is so when i came to washington and i wanted an election that everybody. I thought i was just going to have some fun everyone. I went from that. Having bullshit at me okay i had the greatest. And they said would you do it again i said without. Because we're going to save the country that's much more important than i had a good life that's a lot of people have a good life like not the same. We're going to say we're going to make america great again literally we're going to make america greater than ever before if we don't do it this time we'll never be able to do it'll be too late it'll be too far gone but. We're going to. Have great people when i came in originally i didn't know anybody in i was only there 17 times you may have heard me say this i never stayed over i built a hotel in pennsylvania avenue which was a great hotel and very successful. And then. And then what happened is. Washington dc. And all of a sudden i'm president that i'm driving down pennsylvania avenue with more. Police and motorcycles. Military that i've ever seen before in my life i said to my wife you believe. A. But i didn't know anybody. I had to rely on people to give me names. I had great trade people i had some great. But i also pick people that in retrospect i wouldn't. But now i know. Smart ones to dumb ones the weak on. The solid ones. The ones like. I know the people i know everybody sort of like. We're going to have a great government. I didn't know i had to rely on people to. I don't want to use names cuz i don't want to embarrassing that bad people but i'd ask people that were rhinos. Who do you recommend for such and such a position. All important. And then recommend some people that were rhinos or something or weak or not good. I have to ask too much right now i know the people and i've known him through fighting and wars i've known them through cuz all this stuff. I had great support don't forget. I beat nancy pelosi i beat all these people. Every. Did somebody said you know if you look at it. The clinton family. And that was really obama too because he was behind her 100% like he was. Can i beat the bush family. Now i beat biden i got him. Repeat them twice actually i beat him the first time but. Now i beat him a second time because it was the debate that got. And now i have to beat somebody that nobody ever heard of who's a mar. And i think i'll be able to do that. I know the people now i've been in government now. 8 years i was in government for no years i mean i became president then i said. I've never done this before it's pretty you know sort of a miracle you know in the history of our country. We had 92% politicians become president. And 8% general. Not add. Play channels only generals so those were the only two politicians and generals. George washington. Dwight eisenhower actually he was very good very strong on the borders eisenhower was strong on the borders of moderate guy but very very strong on the borders he had big deportation. But 92% was. Politic. In 8% there was nobody else. Then i came. And so people were surprised. The system i know the people i know some great people and i know some people that i wouldn't put in. Would you learn that and so now. A very experienced. And we're going to bring our country back and we're respected we're going to be respected again with other countries don't forget i had no war. Other than i defeated isis but that war was already started that war was raging for 20 years before i got there and i ended that. 3 or 4. You know a lot of people give me credit even people that don't love me as being a great president because we did a lot right to try i got right to try for people that are terminally. Where they can use space. Medicines where. The best labs in the best doctors in the world. But you couldn't use it because. You know i just couldn't use it you weren't allowed to use it and i got that done where you can use these space age that won't be approved by the fda for a long time maybe four or five years and i've saved thousands and thousands of lives but now i know the system and i know washington and no other people and. I hope we win and if we do when we're going to make this country greater than ever before. Columbus president. It was an honor to interview you and i really appreciate the time and. Do you have any words of encouragement. African american. Will i do i just think the most important day is i said in the history of our country is november. Larvas early voting all of that so you know it's just another crazy thing where we you know you vote for months ahead of schedule the whole thing is crazy but we want to go to the same day. Voter id proof of citizenship and paper ballots for. And we want. Legitimate we don't. Computers in the sky. We want to have we got to bring our voting. But i just said that the american people get out and. You're going to be really happy we're going to be safe. We're going to be respected again and you're going to be very happy i'd like to close out with one thing and that's just my message. Not everybody votes and not everybody's going to. So if you are a voter grab a friend. And drag them to the pole and make them both people have to vote very interesting some groups don't really vote very much. Any other great americans. They have to get out of it this is going to be the most important election in the history of our country i believe i believe that too and i wish you the best of luck thank you very much thank you so much thank you very much. 