1/3 + subscribers can listen to this podcast add free right now. Join wandering plus in the wonder react today whether it's the events of the day or whatever you like to listen to stories help inform and inspire us with audible you can enjoy the storytelling experience anywhere with thousands of audiobooks podcasts and originals from gripping historical fiction to compelling memoirs read by the authors themselves there's more to imagine when you listen as an audible member you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog including the latest bestsellers and new releases if you enjoy thought-provoking novels you might want to check out here one moment by liane moriarty a captivating tale about the struggle for certainty in an uncertain world a strangers on a plane learn their face somewhere than others sound interesting new members can try audible free for 30 days visit audible.com slash cbs pod or text cbs pod to 500 500 that's audible.com slash cbs pod or text cbs podcast 500 500 to try audible free for 30 days audible.com slash cbs.com you come to the new yorker radio hour for conversations that go deeper with people you really want to hear from whether it's bruce springsteen where the godfather of artificial intelligence or some of my extraordinarily well-informed colleagues at the new yorker so join us every week on the new yorker radio hour wherever you listen to podcasts. 660 minutes tradition hearing from the presidential cand. Go tonight only the democratic ticket sat and answered our questions. You want to expand the child tax credit yes i do you want to give tax breaks to first time home buyers and people starting small businesses. How are you going to pay for that. My economic plan would strength in america's economy. His. The question was. How are you going to pay. What are your fears for this coming election day that will be doing this again for another 4 years. Steven richard is a republican election official in the swing state of arizona. Who has spent nearly four years fighting to convince fellow republicans that the 2020 election wasn't stolen how did they react to you not. Not well at all i'm leslie stahl i'm bill. I'm anderson cooper time. Those stories plus we remember the terror attack on israel one year ago. And address president trump's absence. Turn. On 60 minutes. It's been a tradition for more than half a. That the major party candidates for president sit down with 60 minutes in. In 1968 it was richard nixon in hub. This year vice president kamala harris and former president donald trump. Accepted our in. But unfortunately last. Trump. The trump campaign had told us that the interview would be this past thursday at mar. They also asked us whether we would meet 78 year old trump in butler pennsylvania. Where he was grazed in an assassination. On september. Trump's communications director steven chung sent a text that read. I'm working with our advanced. To see logistically if butler would work. In addition to the sit. Sit down meaning the interview in florida. Days later chung called to say. The president said yes. Been a week ago trump back. The campaign offered shifting explanations. First it complained that we would fact check. We fact check every. Lighter trump said he needed an apology for his interview in 20. Trump claims correspondent leslie stahl said in that interview. That hunter biden's controversial laptop came from russ. She never said. Interviews because she can't handle. He had previously declined another debate with harris. So tonight may have been the largest audience for the candidates between now and election. Our questions addressed the economy immigration. Reproductive rights and the wars in the middle east. Both campaigns understood this special would go ahead. If either candidate back. And so with that. Here's bill. Kamala harris has been a candidate for president for just two and a half. And the post convention honeymoon is. With the election just 29 days. Harris and her running mate minnesota governor tim. Face unrelenting attacks from donald trump and the race remains extremely close. We met the 59-year-old vice president this past week on the campaign trail and later at the vice president's residence in washington dc. We spoke about the economy and immigration ukraine and. But we began with the escalating war in the middle east. One year after the hamas terror attack on. The events of the past few weeks have pushed us to the brink if if not into. Regional war in the middle east what can the us do at this point to stop this from spinning out of control. Well let's start with october. 1200 people were mass. 250 hostages were taken including. Women were brutally. A right to defend itself we would. Far too many innocent palestinians have been. Can we supply israel with billions of dollars in military aid and yet prime minister netanyahu seems to be charting his own course. Has preston to agree to cease. He's. You urged him not to go into. Does the us have. No sway over prime minister netanyahu the work that we do diplomatically. With the leadership of israel is an ongoing. Pursuit around making clear our principles but it seems that prime minister netanyahu is not listen. We are not going to stop pursuing what is necessary for the united states to be clear about where we stand on the need for this word. Do we have a real close ally in. Prime minister of. With all due respect the better question is do we have an important alliance between. The american people and the israeli people and the answer to that question is yes. While the war in the middle east has dominated recent headlines it's the economy that most concerns american voters this election year as always there are lots of signs that the american economy is doing very well. Better than most countries. But the american people don't seem to be. Groceries for 25%. And people are blaming you and joe biden for. Are they. We now have historic low unemployment in america among all groups of people. We now have an economy that is thriving by all macroeconomic measures. Add to your. And we need to deal with it which is why part of my plan you mentioned. Pardon my plan is what we must do to bring down the price. Harris says she'll press congress to pass a federal ban on price gouging for food and groceries but details are yet to be. You want to expand the child tax credit yes i do you want to give tax breaks to first time home buyers and people starting small businesses but it is estimated by the nonpartisan committee for responsible federal budget. That your economic plan would add 3 trillion dollars to the federal deficit over the next. How are you going to pay for that okay so the other economist that have reviewed my plan versus my opponent and determined that my economic plan would strengthen america's economy. His would. Isabel. When you invest in small businesses. You invest in the middle class. And you strengthen america's economy small businesses are part of the backbone of america's economy not a vice president the question was. How are you going to pay for. I'm going to make sure that the richest among us who can afford it. Pay their fair share in taxes. It is not right. That teachers and nurses and firefighters are paying a higher tax. Then billionaires and the biggest corporations and i plan on making that fair but we're dealing with the real world but the real world. They know exactly what i'm talking about because their constituents know exactly what i'm talking about. Their constituents. Those firefighters and teachers and nurses their constituents are middle-class hardworking folks and congress has shown no. Incl. To move in your direction i disagree. There are plenty of leaders in congress. Who understand. That the trump tax cut. Are federal. None of us and certainly i cannot afford to be myopic in terms of how i think about strengthening america's economy. Let me tell you something i am a devout public servant you know that i'm also a capitalist. And i know the limitations of. Kamala harris has been in government for decades she was first elected san francisco district attorney in 2003 then california attorney. She went on to the us senate and now vice. Of registered voters still. They don't know you they don't know what makes you. And then why do you think that is what what's the disconnect. It's an election. I take it seriously that i have to earn everyone's vote this is an election for president of the united states. No one should be able to take for granted that they can just declare themselves a. And automatically receive support you have to earn. Is that you have changed your position. On so many things. You are against fracking now you're. You supported looser immigration policies now you're tightening them. You are for medicare for all. So many of the people don't truly know what you believe or what you stand for and i know you've heard that. In the last 4 years i have been vice president united. And i have been traveling. And i have been listening to. And seeking what is possible in terms of common ground i believe in building consensus. We are a diverse people geographically regionally in terms of where we are in our background. And what the american people do want is that we have leaders who can build consensus. Where we can figure out compromise and understand it's not a bad thing as long as you don't compromise your values. Define common sense soul. And that has been. Over the past four years the biden harris approach has been inconsistent and republicans are convinced immigration is the vice president's achilles. You recently visited the southern border and embraced president biden. Recent crackdown on asylum seek. And that crackdown produced an almost immediate and dramatic. Decrease in the number of. Border crossings if that's the right answer now. Why didn't your administration take those steps in 2021. The first billy proposed to congress. What's to fix our broken immigration system. Knowing that if you want. To actually fix it we need congress to. Fast forward to a moment. A bipartisan group. Of members of the united states senate including one of the most conservative members of the united states senate got together came up with a border security. Well guess what happened donald trump got word that this. Was afoot and could be. And he wants to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem so he told his buddies and cong. Kill the bill don't let it move forward i've been covering the border for for years. And so i know this is not a problem that started with your administration. There was an. Of undocumented immigrants coming across the border the first three years. Of your administration as a matter of fact arrival. Quad. From the last year of president trump. Was it a mist. To loosen the immigration policies. As much as you did it's a long-standing problem. And solutions are at hand and from day one literally. We have been offering solutions. Was it a mistake to. What kind of allow that flood to happen in the first place. The pollack. That we have been proposing are about fixing a problem not promoting a. We have. The flow of illegal immigration by half we have done the flow of fentanyl by half but we need congress to be able to act to actually fix the problem. You have acc. Donald trump abusing racist tropes. When it comes to haitian immigrants in springfield ohio when it comes to birtherism when it comes to charlotte. In fact you have called him a racist and. Did donald trump has the support of millions and millions. How do you explain that. I'm glad you are pointing these comments out that he has made that have resulted in a response by most reasonable people. It's just wrong with so many people supporting donald trump. Man you've called o. How do you bridge that seemingly. Unbridgeable. I believe that. The people of america want a. I believe that the american people. Recognize that the true measure. Of the strength of a leader is not based on who you beat down. It's based on who you. The harris campaign has been hopscotching the country and with less than a month to go the pace is picking up. The vice president told us she has lost track of how many states she's. Swing state of wisconsin in the town of ripon the birthplace in 1854 of the republican party and at a rally plastered with country over party banners harris appeared with staunch conservative liz cheney as vice chair of the house january 6th committee cheney became one of donald trump's fiercest critics. I have never voted for a democrat. I am proudly casting my vote for vice president kamala harris that proclamation spurred a chant of approval from the crowd 4 years ago if someone had told you that you would be campaigning with liz cheney what would you have said to me anymore for the 21st century and as for the war between russia and ukraine what does success look like in ending the war in uk. There will be no success in ending that war without ukraine. And you and charter participating in what that success looks like would you meet with president vladimir putin. To negotiate a solution to the war in u. Bilaterally without ukraine. Must have a say in the future of uk. As president would you support the effort to expand nato to include u. Those are all issues that. We are supporting ukraine's ability to defend itself against russia's unprovoked aggression donald trump if he were. Putin would be sitting in keith right now. You know what that is it's about sur. The hard left turn here but. You recently surprised. When you said that you are a. And then there's someone came into your house the first time that's not the first time i've talked about it so what kind of gun do you own and when and why did you get. I have a. And i've had it for quite some time and i mean look up my background is in law enforcement. Have you ever farted. Of course i have at a shooting range. Yes of course i have. When we come back vice presidential candidate tim walz gets the 60 minutes. And kamala harris talks about why donald trump decided not. My dad works in b2b marketing he came by my school for career day and said he was a big role as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on. My friend still laughing me to this day not everyone gets me to be but with linkedin you'll be able to reach people who do get $100 credit on your next ad campaign go to linkedin.com results to claim your credit that's linkedin.com results terms and conditions apply linkedin the place to be to be explaining football to the friend who's just there for the nachos hard tailgating from home like a pro with snacks and drinks everyone will love an easy win and with instacart helping deliver the snack time mvps to your door your ready for the game and as fast as 30 minutes so you never miss a play or lose your seat on the couch or have to go head to head for the last chicken wing shop game day favs on instagram and enjoys zero dollar delivery fees on your first three grocery orders offer valid for a limited time other fees and terms apply. Democratic vice presidential candidate tim walz was little known outside minnesota just two months ago. He didn't exactly come from now. He was a six-term congressman and now is governor of minnesota. Where he has championed abortion rights gun control and other progressive. But it was calling former president trump and senator jd vance. That may have landed him on. 2 months ago you and kamala harris barely knew. Now you're running together vying for the top offices in the. It's not possible that you agree on everything. What have been some disagreement you've had since you became a team. She probably disagreed with you said tim you know you need to be a little more careful on how you say things whatever might. Whatever it might be walsh has been criticized for embellishing or telling outright falsehoods about his military record and about his travels to asia in the 1980s. In your deb. Jd vance you said i'm a knucklehead at times. And i think you were referring to the time. That you said that you were in hong kong during the tiananmen square and rest when you were not. Is that kind of misrepresentation. Isn't that more than just being a knuck. I think folks know who i am and i think they know the. Between someone. Expressing motion telling a story getting a date wrong by a rather than a pathological liar like donald trump but i think it comes down to the question of. Whether you can be trusted to tell the truth yeah well i can't i think i can i will own up to being a knucklehead at times but the folks closest to me know that i keep my. Walls proudly touts his record as governor of minnesota but it also has opened him up to criticism from his republican opponents former president trump says that you and your administration here in minnesota has. Dangerously li. Radical left he. So what do you say to that criticism that rather than leading the way. You and minnesota are actually out of step with the rest of the country president trump may be referring to that. That are children get breakfast and lunch in school so that they can learn he may be talking about we have a paid family medical leave policy that was promoted by the business community. Did donald trump spends his time tearing down states rather than lifting up the things we do the best of it donald trump's critiques of that. It was that kind of humor in candor that helped land tim walz the job is kamala harris's running mate before you join the ticket you called republicans weird. Why do you think that label. That was really talking about the behaviors being obsessed with people's personal lives in their bedrooms and their reproductive right. Making up stories about. Legal folks legally here eating cats and dogs they're dehumanizing they go beyond weird because i said this it becomes almost dangerous let's debate policy in a real way and let's try and find an objective truth again kamala harris and tim walz are in a full sprint to november 5th. Pooping their arguments will give them a chance to cross the line ahead of donald trump and jd vance. You are. Sitting here with us. The trump campaign. Cancel an interview. They had agreed. To participate in this broadcast. If he is not going to give your viewers. Ability to have a meaningful thoughtful conversation question and answer with you. What is. You're going to hear conversations. Better. And all of his personal grievances. And what you will not hear. Is anything. About you the. You will not hear about how he's going to try to bring the country together. Find common. That is why. I believe in my soul and. The american people are ready to turn the page. I think the state score from the democratic. Plus one year covering rapidly escalating conflict in the middle east civilians caught in the middle as always are the ones. Play suffering the most. At 60 minutes overtime.com. Have you ever wondered who created that bottle of sriracha that's living in your fridge or why nearly every house in america has at least one game of monopoly introducing the best idea yet a brand new podcast from wandering and t-boy about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with and the boulder is takers who brought them to life like did you know that super mario the best selling video game character of all time only exists because nintendo couldn't get the rights to popeye or jack that the idea for the mcdonald's happy meal first came from a mom and daughter wants to air jordans discover the surprise song stories of the most viral products plus the best idea yet on the app where you get your podcasts you can listen to the best idea yet early and had free right now by joining plus it's just the best idea yet. 1968 there was nothing like it was not always instantly accepted access to the treasures in our archives but that's all about to change will you tell me something if you can will name no names i'm seth do of cbs news and i'm excited to introduce a new podcast from 60 minutes called a second look the team at 60% of tapes and reels of film and you're about to hear some of the sound that was never broadcast like 21 year old taylor swift songs. With donald trump pulling out of his 60 minutes interview tonight. Will turn to a different republican. Who is paying the price for trump's claims of a stolen 2020 election. Steven. Helps administer voting in maricopa county arizona. That's phoenix and home to 60% of arizona voters. Trump claimed maricopa county was stolen in 2020. Republican steven richard was determined to find the. To restore belief in the. Wasn't what many wanted to hear. I've become much more cynical about politics. There are a lot of people who have no lines in the sand a lot of politicians a lot of politicians for whom it's like oxygen that if you told them they were going to be re-elected it would be like unplugging them from oxygen. So whichever way of the winds are blowing even if it's highly immoral or they're on they're on for the ride what are your fears for this coming election day. That will will be doing this again for another 4 years. Nearly four years ago republican attorney steven richard was the voter's choice for maricopa county recorder the office that records voter registration and handles ballots by. Richard took office after the 2020 vote when his own party was up in arms over allegations of. It was richard's first elected office. It's not that complicated of an issue it's just people are uncertain they expected donald trump to win i expected donald trump to win in maricopa county he didn't win. They have questions as soon as we give them logical factual answers. All will be well and that's not what happened that does not. The logical factual answers came after multiple investigations. A hand. Of maricopa county's 2.1 million paper ballots confirmed. Joe biden. Statewide prosecutions for illegal voting involved a total of 19 ballots in maricopa. 50 ballots have been counted twice for a typical reason somebody made a mistake a human being made a mistake there were 2.1 million ballots cast in the 2020 election these 50 shouldn't have been tabulated by no means were the 50 all for one candidate or another so it had a negligible impact on the actual contest. Negligible to because trump lost maricopa county. By 45,109 votes what evidence of widespread fraud was found in maricopa county in 2020. And i would say. Maricopa county's 2020 election is the most scrutinized election in human history. When you begin to tell your fellow republicans in maricopa county. That the election was fair. And there was no fraud that would change the out. How did they react to you not. Not well. They included trump. Who said. The entire database of maricopa county in arizona has been deleted. He called it an unbelievable election. There's a saturday afternoon and i was in the office looking at the very thing that he was saying we had deleted and so just sort of like the the the the the ludicrous nature of it it just is is offensive what did you say in response to what the president had written i said something like. This is un. I'm looking at the voter registration database right now. These lies have to stop this is as disprovable as saying 2 + 2 equals. And the reaction was. The reaction was significant. 3 violent threats to steven richard have been prosecuted. One man got three and a half years the others are awaiting. What we see here is your public statement saying that this was not connected to the internet undaunted richer explained the facts here in 2021 he was heckled and followed to his car and people were banging on my windshield as i got into the car what were they shout. Turn. You're wrong you're an idiot. Don't be a traitor. How could you. The fever. Has never broken. This was 3 months ago so why do so many people remain passionately unconvinced. I think it has become the the the the the the. I think it has become the tattoo to show that you're a true believer of the movement. You believe the election. I. Shelby bush started a political action committee which investigates what she calls widespread fraud in maricopa county. Fraud no credible investigation has found. She's taken in nearly a million dollars in donations for the work of her pack arizona and the arizona republican party awarded her the leadership of its delegation at last summer's national convention and that's why the delegation chairs. You are a rising. Well i definitely have brought some attention on to myself that is for sure. What do you believe happened in the maricopa vote in 20. I believe that fraudulent votes were put into the system i also believe that a lot of. State statutes and regulations and policies were. Which makes the election questionable at. Bush still questions whether signature verification was proper. And whether some ballots were collected illegally. She's an administrator in a medical practice. That's correct when it comes to elections. In a recent case a judge disqualified you from testifying in the case. Because he said you were quote obviously unqualified not even in the ball. Who is a radical left. Who is legislating from the bench and i don't believe that it had any merit in my credibility whatsoever is there a danger. In undermining people's faith in the election. Buy pears. With these conspiracy theories that no one has been able to val. It has been validated and because the election the election officials. Give me something. I don't need a government official with the vested interests and disproving information to tell me whether what i have is. It's up to each individual citizen as a member of this society to review the evidence to think for themselves and make those decisions. They can determine whether it's valid the evidence speaks for itself data does not. Data doesn't lie election officials do. The election was not stolen it was lost attorney ben ginsberg has represented the republican party in many of its most important election cases. In 2022 he joined conservative judges and senators in lost not. An investigation that exposes election fraud li. Part of it centers on trump's swing state lawsuits. Donald trump in his supporters brought 64 cases they lost 63 of them outright there was one that was a partial victory involving 200 vot. How far from malcolm to tormented and all of that told you. The evidence to back up the allegations of fraud and elections being unreliable simply does not exist the election deniers in arizona will say we did lose all those cases but the judges weren't. Under the rule of law you have every right to submit your litigation. But under the rule of law a conservative principle a republican principal for as long as i've been practicing election. You have to. The rulings of the. I don't have time frankly to worry about whether people believe me or question my integrity i have what i believe is a mission that i am on and that mission is for my children and my grandchildren and i'm not here to make friends. I'm here to do a job where does that mandate for that mission come. It comes from my own personal drive and it also comes from i believe a calling from god. In meetings of the republican-led maricopa county board of supervisors which certifies the vote dominion machine. Have you been accused of tre. Treason. Murdering fellow officials that would talk. Republican clint hickman has been a county supervisor 11 years in 2020 he was among trump's most loyal supporters maricopa county supervisor. Clint hickman still proud that he took the time to call me out and thanked me for the work that i was trying to accomplish thank you. But hickman saw no evidence of fraud and said. When he voted to certify the election. You've received a number of death threat. I've lost cat i've lost. Cancel off my colleagues and. So of election workers. Well you've lost count but here's one. Hello mr hickman i am glad that you are standing up for democracy and want to place your hand in the bible and say that the election was honest and fair i really appreciate that when we come to lynch you're stupid lying comma ass you'll remember that you lied on the bible you said. We're going to hang you. Going to. That man is in prison for two and a half years. But there were other. But the chilling one that you didn't play is one of the guys said we know the restaurants. That you are. We know where your kids go to school. Menace grew in the shadow. And emerged on the stage i hear the word unity and i get sick to my stomach. Because there is a lot. Of earthly fake and vile unity talk going around in our state this is shelby bush the maricopa county republican party vice. Play talking about fellow republican stephen richard this past march so what is unity mean to me. Men's unifying with those that share the core biblical christian judeo principles that we share that's unity walked in this room i don't unify with people who don't believe in the principles we believe in in the american cause that founded this country. When you heard shelby bush say that she would lynch you if you thought what if i first thought like why is that word in your vocabulary. Weirdly historically loaded and oddly specific term. Bush offered a modified definition of lynching i think many people are familiar with a political lyn. Add some it's referred to as. Destroying someone's career it was not ever meant physically and any way shape or form probably a poor choice of words. You have seen. The unrest in this. The civil disorder in this. You're contributing to that. What i am doing is i am shining a big bright. The disdain and the arrogance of some of the elected officials. They are elected to represent the interests of the people. And until they are ready to step up and do that then there will be unrest. Is election denialism a sw. 100 % so for some people it's a swindle emotionally for some it's a swindle politically for some it's a swindle economically for. This past july steven richard ran in the primary for re-election. He lost to a fellow republican who said maricopa elections are a laughing stock richer moves on after this election leaving behind his enduring contribution the fortress defenses around the center where the votes are counted a wall. To defend america. I have seen. Some ugliness in in the character of human beings. It has given me great insight into horrific moments of human history. I would look at some of these historical moments that. Well dot dot dot i couldn't happen. But the moments like these begin to give you in. On how stuff like that can build up how the animal passions how going along with the crowd how the emotions of just being your side versus their. It's just to say that some of the same human impulses that i didn't understand i now do understand. You understand how things can go wrong. I understand how society of educated people can do something truly horrible. One thing is certain about the election 4 weeks from tomorrow. Whoever wins will become a wartime. The wars are in ukraine and in the middle. In the united states is deeply involved in. Providing arms and money to ukraine and its war against russian in. And to israel in the war with hamas and now with hezbollah the houthis and. Israel's war started one year ago today when the palestinian militant group hamas launched a surprise terror attack storming across the gaza border into israel as we reported that. Talking to survivors amir and mary t-bone from the nahal oz. Bah. I mean there were hundreds of. Around and inside the keyboards that the numbers are. Impossible to comprar. There are two kittens near yours. And kafar. What happened there. 100 of people. Barry and salazar and the music festival that happened near one of them those are the three scen. The largest massacre of jewish people since the holocaust. More than 1,100 israelis were killed most of them civil. In kibbutz barry we met a law. Took his mother at gunpoint and shot. While he his wife daughter and sister were. Is sister caramel and wife jardan roman were taken host. They could do anything to me i had. I was. You cannot object to anything. It could cost you your life. You're. Friendly. Yard dan was released in a prisoner swap after 54 days in captivity caramel was executed by hamas after nearly 330 days. October 7th became israel's 91. Another day that lives in infamy on the calendar of history. Now is the war enters a second year more than 41,000 palestinians have lost their lives in gaz. Many more. The israeli death toll is about 15. Hamas still holds about 100 hast though israel believes only half are still. The war is fought on and over biblical. But no modern day solomon has emerged to resolve. After 1 year the time for peace is long over. I'm leslie stahl will be back next sunday for another edition of 60 minutes. If you like this podcast you can listen ad free right now by joining wandering plus in the wandering app before you go tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey and wondering calm slash. 