As you know we do a show called the ramsey show. Talk to regular. They're not concerned with. Are a big deal what's the first things you're going to do on that in terms of inflation you're right and it's almost inflation over the economy if you want to really know because people are getting wiped out. Like never before i think it's the highest inflation we've ever had they say it's the highest in 48 years i think it's the highest ever. There's never been any mess like this and it's because of what they did with energy also then they topped it with spending with money that trillions and trillions of dollars that they didn't need that's being just wasted but the first thing i have to do is get the energy down if you get the energy down other things are going to follow you want to get the interest rates down to an interestingly even interest rates are going to follow energy because he's going to take that burden. Off the shoulders of the economy and off the shoulders of inflation itself and we are going to drill at a level that you haven't seen since let's say 4 or 5 years ago. But even more so we would have been so dominant by this point if you remember when you go back to the beginning of this really failed administration that went right now what they did. Was they turned off the energy they turned off everything that i had to turn back on the keystone you're going to turn back on the train in the it still be in your acceptance speech at the convention center. But the fact that they turned it off and then. The energy if you look back at the very initial period of their administration the numbers started going through the roof the energy numbers inflation was good and then they went back to trump where they're trying to equal it and it kept it bad as opposed to horrific. And it's been really bad and the energy has been very expensive but nothing like it could have been so they went back to trump type things but we would have been now 3 to 4 times more we would have been dominating the entire world on energy we have more than anybody else. We have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody else. Actually buy. We would have dominated we would have been taking care of europe we would have been taken care of asia we would have been taking care of you know anw. In alaska is the biggest find anywhere in the world it could be as big as saudi arabia. And i got it ronald reagan couldn't get it nobody could get it i got it it was done ready to start. And when these people came in they turned it off they they terminated. Nobody could believe it i don't know if they're people realize that. Everything else. You know we play very high energy costs and especially now but we're paying very very high i believe i'll be able to get energy down to 50%. 50. Percent of what it is right now within a period of less than a year wow that's pretty good. It's going to happen fast okay it's going to happen fast but what are you going to do to do that what causes that they're going to drill they're going to they're going to frack they're going to do things that they have tremendous off alexa have no environmental real meaning they don't let them drill that they're taking leases away government lisa's that you're hearing about. I think we can get energy costs down to half of what if we do that that's pretty dramatic is everything all of those inflated prices are going to come down with it download the ramsey network app for more content that keeps you motivated. 