This episode is brought to you by progressive insurance whether you love true crime or comedy celebrity interviews or news you call the shots on what's in your podcast queue and guess what now you can call them on your auto insurance too with the name your price tool from progress. It works just the way it sounds you tell progressive how much you want to pay for car insurance and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. Get your quote today at progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progress. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates price and coverage match limited by state law holiday magic is in the air and dsw's got all the shoes to make your season extra mary leave you've got parties to attend and list to check twice so dsw is taking care of the details like gifts to make their eyes all a glow styles that bring joy to your world brands everyone wants like ugly birkenstock and more and deals to make your budget bright find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a dsw store near you or dsw.com. Head to sharon mcmahon calm slash adf. To subscribe today. Hey friends welcome i have a rare treat for you today just a few days ago i sat down for an interview with vice president yes of the united states vice president kamala harris who was in minnesota on stop 6 of her reproductive freedoms tour she's been traveling around the country in a show of support for reproductive health care including abortion against what the vice president says are extremists swinging a full on attack against hard-fought freedoms abortion has become a key issue in the 2024 presidential campaign and minnesota has a common important state president biden won minnesota in 2020 fairly handily but a large percentage of voters have been critical of the biden administration's response to the warren and i had time to discuss topics including her reaction to nearly 20% of minnesota minnesota and the potential destruction of democracy i think you're going to enjoy this conversation. Play sharon how are you doing today thank you so much. You were the first president or vice president to visit to visit an abortion clinic yesterday and. I'm wondering i know a lot of minnesotans are pro-choice but there are still a large number that are anti-abortion yeah and. They are just not going to change their mind on that topic but yet they don't support president trump. Knowing that you're not going to change their mind on abortion what would you do. To win their votes. Thank you for being here thank you. I will say this. There is so much about this issue. Does not require an individual. As much as anything this issue is about. The fact that the government should be telling people what to do with their body. Is. So the freedom to make a decision for yourself that you don't believe in it and you wouldn't do it. Navigate you know the context of your family. To agree that the government should not be telling women what to do with their body. I think a lot of people are realizing that. Those who have had a long-standing opposition to abort. Are also realizing that things have started to happen that they did not. Black women having miscarriages. Like women being denied emergency care because. The hospital staff are afraid that they could go to jail for administering care. What happened we saw with ivy. And the fact that that can happen now because of the case that took away these freedoms. I would ask. People to to consider. That there are many issues that play on this issue right now including the taking of freedoms and individual rights. But the other issues. Deseret play are really about a fight for our democracy the former president has. Open. Admire dictators. I said he would be a dictator on day. The former. Has stated an intention to weaponize the department of justice against his enemies. We look at. America stands for and our pride is americans include i think for most of us. Knowing that we are a world leader. With the authority to talk about the importance of democracy and rule of law. As vice president i've now. Met with over 150 world leaders president's prime ministers chancellors and. And they look to us i mean we still have. Earned and self-appointed authority to walk in those rooms and talk about. The strength of democracy the need to to fight corruption. Importance of rule of. All of that is at stake in the selection in a way we've never seen this election is not about a deb. Trickle-down. This is the selection is so much bigger than. How do you feel about regulation or deregulation. Election is really about. On the one. Joe biden who stands for rule of law who stands for america standing by our friends. Who stands for. The importance of holding an office with dignity and respect for other people. And on the other side someone who is openly. Rejecting many of those principles. Has taken on over the last few years that suggests that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on. Will you beat down. You know that that somehow is a sign of weakness to have empathy. The strength of character of a leader is someone who has some level of concern and care for the suffering of other people and then does something about that. Chuck schumer gave a speech earlier today on the floor of the. He talked about how it is time for. Israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu. Is concerned that israel will become a par. If it continues on the path that it's on and as i know you know chuck schumer is a very high ranking jewish man in the united states government so these are exceptionally strong words from him you've been a leader in the biden administration about this topic you know that warren israel. Biden administration agree with chuck schumer's statements that it's time to have new elections in israel. I would not and we would not. Tell the people of any other country who they should vote for when they should hold elections. We believe that it is up to the people and in this case. The people of israel the israelis to make a decision about who leads their government and and how that. Super tuesday we just have that here in minnesota and of course president biden won 19% of democratic voters in the on super tuesday in minnesota voted on committed. And i know that has to be something that your administration is keeping an eye. And i'm wondering. What might the biden-harris administration be prepared to do in terms of potential policy changes or outreach to win back those 19% of uncommitted voters because you need them to show up. What is one of the reasons that i'm in minnesota today is to make that clear and reinforce the point that. The people of minnesota matter and. That you know we respect. The fact that. People feel very strongly about what we are witness. And. I understand. And so we're here to talk about a variety of issues that in addition to that include for example again today in honor of women's history month talking about. Issues that directly impact women including choice to talk about the economy to talk about what we are doing in terms of addressing issues like climate crisis. And many other issues including strengthening the economy around supporting small businesses something i care deeply about. So we'll continue to talk to them and talk to everyone. There's a new pull out that. From a new pull-out from usa today and suffolk university that suggests that perhaps independent voters. Have not yet been convinced that you. Are capable of being the president. Which you have said that you are you have said that you there's no question about that that you are prepared and ready to leave if the worst should happen and you know and president biden knows cuz he's spoken about this many times that he's not a young. And i know this is something that voters. What would happen if the worst came to pass so i'm wondering. Do you still look first of all do you still agree that you're ready to leave and secondly of course what what misconceptions do you think voters might have about. Every vice president. They are taking off to be prepared to. There have been 48 vice presidents before me i'm the 4. Each one of us at some time or another has been presented with this question and i believe each one of us has had the same answer i am no. The work of vice president includes the work that i have done for the last 3 years. For hemisfair. It includes the work of having met directly. Over 150 world lead. Heading up a number of initiatives that directly impacted the american people. And there is the work that is about doing what we must do. To understand the role that the united states of america plays in the context of the world. I was the first woman district attorney of san francisco in re-elect. The first attorney general of the state of california and reelected around the second largest department of justice in the united states second only to the united states department of justice. It is about people having information. To be able to form their opinions and i think that's important. I was supposed to hear you tell voters what is at stake in this election. There's been a lot of talk about voting for a third-party candidate. Rfk jr this week you know announced that he might be considering a couple of vp options like aaron rodgers or former minnesota governor jesse ventura who is also a former professional wrestler. What actually is at stake and. What would you say to somebody who's thinking about voting third party in this election. We are looking at two major wars that are occurring in the world. It is our administration joe biden myself and others. Who have stood firm and strong around. Position on standing with our friend ukraine. Wow an adversary russ. Has violated long-standing international rules and norm. Around sovereignty and territorial in. It is very important that right now when the the first war in europe in 70 years. Therapy leadership of the united states government who understands the importance of standing with our allies. And continuing to strengthen. Military alliances that we have in the context of n. When we look at where we are in terms of the importance of having leadership. That address is long-standing issues. That many presidents before and administration's said they would tackle but did not such as infrastructure remember infrastructure week it never. We got it. So here in minnesota and around the country 50 states. Many of them being run and carried out by members of organized labor ibew and others. To do the work of upgrading america's infrastructure whether it be sidewalks or airports. The reality is that in the selection everything is at stake in terms of. One having capable competent leadership. But also what is at stake in terms of the risk on the other side of that split screen. I'm having chaos. And the potential destruction of our democracy. As it relates to these third-party candidates you know. Tell me more a little bit more about what's at. I would love to hear your take on what is at stake with the supreme court. Will the supreme court dissolve is at stake in every election and as we saw you know we talked about it back in 2016. That presidential elections can determine the future course of the united states supreme. When donald trump. He stated his intention. To. Members of the united states supreme court that would overturn roe v. He was elected. That's what he did and now we are experiencing a healthcare crisis in america because of. So there is a direct connection between presidential elections and who sits on the. And that is one of the many consequences of an election. And the reason therefore that people care about issues like that. Do you think that if donald trump gets elected. That they will try to pass a national abortion. Do you think that they will be successful. Joe biden is very clear. That on our watch he would vet. Any attempt by the united states congress to pass a. Abortion band. I want to talk very briefly about. Character. Do you. Character matters more in a leader or do policies matter. And i think that they are also. In many ways inextricably linked. The character of. Of a lead. Cares about the condition and well-being of other people. Produces the kinds of policies that we have. Where we have cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors because we know that our sin. For years. So many have otherwise had to make a decision about whether they can afford their insulin prescription or afford to put food in the refrigerator. The kinds of policies that. Care. Student loan debt understanding that so many of our young people come out of school. And are unable to even think about starting a family or buying a home because they're carrying so much. 138 billion of student loan. For over 4 million people including for our teachers and firefighters in public servants erasing their debt completely. So these are just but a few examples of what leadership that car. Ashley accomplishes by way of policy. And. I do believe that the american people. Leaders who. And it's not just about themselves. It's about the people. That's the kind of administration we are you look at the split screen on the other side. He'll fight all day long for himself. But is he fighting for the people. What message would you send to somebody who is as of this moment undecided about who they should vote for in november. I would ask that person. Take a look at. The record. Take a look at do you care about. Insulin and costing $35 a month for a seniors knowing how many of our seniors have. Take a look at the fact that before we came in medicare could not negotiate drug prices. For seniors and we are now. Making that happen so that we're going to cost cap the annual cost of prescription medication at 2,000 a. I'd ask folks to take a look at whether you care about the fact that we are. Bringing manufacturing back to america. We have created over 800. New manufacturing jobs and we are making. A lot of the work that otherwise we were outsourcing and buying from other countries are making it now here in america. And that means the 15 million jobs that we have created. And it also means dealing with supply chain issues which we all experience during the pandemic. And it means strengthening our ability to be a leader around the globe so i'd ask people to think about it ranging from something like. You know access to capital for small businesses think about your favorite small business. And what it means for them to be able to have more access to the money they need to stay open and. Look at it about if you have any money in your family who who went to college and and has student loan debt look at it in terms of anybody you know who has diabetes and is a senior. And what our administration and what the people who voted in 2020 for us actually helped accomplish thank you thank you so much for your time so much i appreciate it thank you did you know that you can now listen to heroes where it gets interesting to sign up the show is hosted by executive producer if you enjoyed this episode and as soon as it's available thanks for being here today and i'll see you again soon. 