Explaining football to the friend who is just there for the nachos hard tailgating from home like a pro with snacks and drinks everyone will love an easy win and with instacart helping deliver the snack time mvps to your door you're ready for the game in as fast as 30 minutes so you never miss a play or lose your seat on the couch or have to go head-to-head for the last chicken wing shop game day faves on instacart and enjoys 0.00 delivery fees on your first three grocery orders offer valid for a limited time other fees and terms apply this episode sponsored by our friends at the wellness company head over to twc health slash dobbs to get your med kit with all the essential pharmaceuticals you know the ones the mainstream media and marks is left don't want you to have like some oxacillin and much more be prepared for when the next plague hits by heading over to twc dot health dot 15% volume in the united states. And as of today with the 6-3 decision by the us supreme court. It looks like president trump is well on his way to becoming the 47th president. Call mr president congratulations on the supreme court ruling the country is obviously reverberating with all sorts of emotions. Or give us a sense of your emot. When you first heard the news. Well i was honored because this pressure they play the ref these people on the left they are. Just you just don't know where they come from it's hard to believe when you look at how bad they are for our country. Criticizing people hoping to get good decisions out of them and you see it. He said no. I'm not going to get that call changed but i'm going to get the next call changed you know that's what they do they play. But in this case it didn't work they. I really think that the supreme court should be it's a very proud moment for the supreme court they did the right thing it was a strong ruling. Some people thought they may come in with a very weak grueling and that would have been very bad for. Immunity for the president you have to have a community for a president otherwise the president is going to be a figure. The president's not going to do the job that the president was supposed to be doing. And you understand that probably as well as anybody. You've long been talking about this subject. And this is a very monumental ruling very powerful r. And i was very proud of the supreme court for having the courage to do what's. I certainly would join you in that without any surprise to anyone i'm sure watching this broadcast but to to think that the attempts at intimidation have been rampant for really 9 years as they politically persecuted you your family the supreme court justices themselves and republican leaders it is it's just a moment in history that the courage of the court the courage of washington dc animated from one man. And there seems to be fairly universal conviction on this part as well that you were the one who introduced the idea of courage to the republican party and that it is now truly your party to lead and you are the perfect leader for the times many comparing you to churchill in. 39 and your leadership critical to the survival of the republic itself. Well it's an honor that you say that especially that you say that because i know where you come from i know your knowledge your level of knowledge is at the top and that for you to say that is very nice and look we need courage in this country the country is is we're failing nation we are sadly and badly failing nation right now. Do we have a man that has no. Capability whatsoever to be president. And you saw that the other night at the. And. And we're just going to be failing to a level that we're not going to have much of a country left anymore we may not have another election again you know there are those that say. This is the most important election. In the history of our. And i used to say it's 60 and 60 and we had problems with the border. And it was very bad but it was nothing compared to what it is right now right now they're allowing. Millions and millions of people to come in from other countries and not just south america and they're coming and think of. They're coming in from jails and prisons from mental institutions insane asylums many terrorists levels of terrorism that we've never. Terrorist that we've never even. Would be coming into this country and they just pouring. Some people say they do it because they hate the country. Some. Okay they do it cuz they're. But regardless of why they're doing they're destroying our country and we have to stop at we have to stop at immediately. That this is going to be a difficult difficult period not only the remaining months of the campaign but the the first years are at least of your presidency will be very tough the policy choices that you will have to make that you will have to. Spell undertake the. Secure the border secure the nation. National security as well as. Focus on what must be done to restore prosperity and peace to the nation because we are not the farthest thing but a far thing from a nation at peace. Are your thoughts about. Priorities as you have been leading your campaign and taking the battles straight to the president who is has done such a willful job of securing our national security and. So we have to immediately close the border and we still want people to come in but they have to come in through the legal process and we can do that that we want people i want people. But we have to secure the border immediately and that has to do with not only people that has to do with drugs it has to do with human trafficking which is at all time it's at an all-time high. So we have to immediately secure the border we have to immediately start you know to turn my user's drill baby drill we have more. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation more than saudi arabia more than. We have to go we got we have to get our energy cost down that's going to bring inflation down but there are a lot of great things can happen one of the things we're going to have to do is we're going to have to go to the eisenhower. General eisenhower president eisenhower was very big on deportation of people that came in legally illegally. And we're going to have to go to that we're going to have to. Tremendous numbers of people and we're going to start with the criminals and we're going to start with the people that come out of the mental institutions we cannot have them in our country it's not sustainable. It's not sustainable. Of a young girl who was who was killed by. Horrendous people 12 year old girl by the way. But you see. All the time now you're seeing it all the time we can't have it and we're not going to have. And we're going to bring peace and prosperity back to our country but we're going to have to deport a lot of people they. 70% 72%. Over a relatively short period of time. And it's not because of any other reason other than they've taken their gang leaders and. Drug lords and everybody they moved them into the united states they moved all their criminal. Criminals into the united states. You know baby stuff these are. Vicious people and they're coming into our country and they're destroying our country because we have a president that has a low iq he doesn't know what the hell he's doing. And we have to change that and that's always tough because as soon as you bring one person where you make a mistake and you. A person who's a beautiful father with a beautiful wife and beautiful children and they make a mistake and they end up on the front page of every newspaper and i think that all the killers is you know all the people that have killed people. Are all wonderful so you know it's very trick. Great turkey problem politically trick. And a lot of traps all over the place. We have to get the bed people we got to get them out and we got to get them out fast they're killing people all over the place and you see it every single day now you're saying that people getting killed by the biting migrants i call him the biting migrants and that's exactly what they are. Who could like open borders. Being mandated to buy an electric vehicle that you don't want. Because it doesn't go far and cost too much. Yeah i could go to 40 things who could like these things. The the breadth of the problem is a tremendous of the intricacies of it the depth of these issues are tremendous and the nation understands i believe. Without. What are important and difficult challenge awaits you in this nation and i am encouraged by every poll that. I just how much the country is depending on you supporting you and. It means for you to succeed god bless you and thanks so much for joining us here this evening and we look forward to. The next challenges that awake all american. Thank you mr president well thank you and you are such an important voice i don't think you know how important the voice you are you are an important voicemail and keep it going. And we'll do it again soon but i really appreciate it thank you very much thank you mr president we appreciate your being with us. And coming up here next on the great america show. Are great. Rodger stone fox you know i beg everyone to get ready for the next crisis and when it comes our lives will likely change overnight. Whether it's natural disaster war or another disease we have to be ready as we can be we saw what happened in 2020 when we found ourselves depended on global supply chains were still dependent on china and other countries for more than 90% of all our pharmaceuticals with clusters of respiratory illnesses popping up around the world and here we need to be prepared and now is the time to make certain you have the wellness company medical emergency kit and now the wellness medical kit provides a solution critical to you and your loved ones this emergency kit includes eight life-saving medications and grab your medical emergency kit right now dot dot dot dot. All right let's be. If you're a content creator blogger or an entrepreneur just getting started the last thing you want to do is spend hours building a website that's where bluehost comes in their ai tools make custom wordpress sites in minutes no coding no stressing you also get built-in marketing and e-commerce tools to grow your business and with faster loading you can secure the bag without the lag it's never been easier to launch your website go to bluehost.com now to get started. Rodger what a great day to talk with you a man who has been associated with worked with and supported donald trump for decades. And to see. Absolutely exonerated. A validated by the supreme court. What a moment in history. Are and many are saying right now. But this is the most important ruling. To be handed down by the court and it's. Well what's happened here is donald trump is won his due process rights to see. The cabal of corrupted prosecutors trying to expedite these federal charges against him in a witch hunt rushing to try to do it before the election to impact and therefore interfere with the election are furious that trump fought for and got his due process rights and therefore they're not going to be able to try to railroad him or lynch. Before many legal questions are solved and settled in the courts their future hearings but it's all next year so this is a great victory for letting the people decide let the people decide not the courts who should be the next president that new york frame job didn't sit well with the american people because it stinks of what it is manipulation of the law even andrew cuomo said his last name wasn't trump i was the former attorney general of new york and i can tell you that case would never have been brought. So it is and then trump's stellar performance in the debate where he's focused he's funny he's strong he doesn't take the bait he remains totally focused on pound. Biden on the economy and the border and then we see the physical deterioration the public meltdown of joe biden on national television it was. It's what we've been saying for some time which is democrats have been really denied but the man is not up to the job. Causing the greatest split in the democratic party since the vietnam war in 1968. It's absolutely incomprehensible. Why the corp. Nationalist. I'm not sure is there a national would take that. And throw away a franchise with billions and billions of dollars whether it's an advertising whether it's in a data you name. To imagine that they actually. Decided that they would give up the idea. A purity of objectivity of. And recent. It's it's absolutely unbelievable. Basically told the american people go straight to. We don't really think you're an important franchise anymore and they lined up with the aligned themselves. Democratic party now. And and decided to destroy their franchise. I don't know if it's recover. I don't think so look i think this was a gambit going wrong i think biden intended to challenge trump to cnn debate certain that trump will decline because of the entirely rigged situ. To their shock and surprise donald trump who had already said anytime anywhere joe said okay i'm. Brushed aside the disadvantageous rules when in under the rules performed i think incredibly and biden literally made a fool of himself we read today the biden advisors were upset about the lack of fact checking on donald trump really. From the with the president joe biden who said not a single. Member of the service of military service died under his watch. As you forgotten afghanistan entirely. I mean it was the guy was out to lunch he he he he he recycled every. Debunked disproved completely discredited attacks on trump including the phony calling veteran sucking suckers and losers and that the fraudulent he said nazis were very fine people not even remotely what he said he recycles all those lies then he says he inherited a a a a 1663. I mean it was it was incredible and now the big guns on the left the new york times politico the philadelphia inquirer all the big boys are beginning begin immediately like on you like on cue from who knows maybe barack obama to say joe this was a disaster this is a meltdown so much snow is now a deep cleavage in their party as the biden's digging their heels and gone by kamala harris this is you can't even make this stuff up the emperor had no clothes. 9883 it's amazing that there as we look at what happened in dc in the course of a short week to see this. I am the the debunking of an entire administration an entire presidential campaign and a figurehead. Who couldn't possibly be in any way preserved there is just no in my view no way back for joe biden in the american political scene he's. This is why you have this is akin to the situation with woodrow. Election 1913 1919 wilson had an incapacitating stroke he was physically and mentally incapacitated. His wife edith galt wilson with the acquiescence of colonel house of the white house chief of staff edward house essentially never allowed wilson to appear in public and his wife was a de facto. When it came she made all major decisions when it came time for him to sign documents she would have put a pen in his hand and moved his hand. That's exactly what you have today jill biden is running the country the babysitter who just started an affair with when he was married to his first wife before she was tragically killed in a car accident or who is now the de facto president of the united states and he says donald trump has the morals of an alley cat what about that. And thank you for being with us rodger stone we appreciate it thank you everybody for joining us here on the great america show see you here tomorrow god bless you god bless america. 