Is the worst president in the history of our country music 3355. What's it going to be. Call mr president people surely love it they love the picture they rallied behind it and behind you now. The biggest fundraising i think ever for any candidate ever anywhere in the world in the. 8 or 9 days. Can hundreds of millions of dollars and too bad it couldn't have been. Done for other reasons but they they viewed the cases being so. Then so ridiculous you know every one of the. Legal pundits and you know there were great guys. When you look at dershowitz the whole group you know that whole group of people. The andy mccarthy. Jonathan. Gregg jarrett every one of. They came out and they said there's not even a case. There's no case. When they show. Jury instructions when they show all the things that. Did and it's not like anybody is a friend of mine mark levin is an. They couldn't. So unfair you know it's a very unfair thing and because of that. The fundraising numbers and the. I don't think there's ever been that much money raised. You become a martyr resorts 140 million dollars in may that you raised $ 3 5. You have 58 million within a few hours and that was in small donations like $71 something. And over the over a period of a week we even went to san francisco. Not supposed to be the belly of the beast rights. But they had thousands of people on the street it was so positive and they raised 12 million. At one of the houses. Fantastic. And they they were like they gave me a lot of money they've never been into doing that and i think it helps it by nothing is just so. He. He is the worst president in the history of our. So that helps too you should make a. One thing that i was. I just can't seem to wrap my head around it is you know you got you got these felony convictions and and a lot of them like more than al capone right and and there was an uprising and people showed you their support with their don. And a lot of people are saying it points out that actually the unjust nature of america's justice system so my question is like if that is. Your believe it is if that is their. Why do you have the desire to give your time. An energy to a country or a system that's trying to take you down so. I ran twice i did much better the second time than the first. And if i didn't i. But we had it going like this country has never been going before it was really good now it's really bad the worst border in history. The worst inflation i think in history i think the history of the country that people are getting decimated. All very flexible or something you can fix you can fix it. We were energy independent we're going to be energy dominant very soon all these things were. And then we had. Terrible result in an election. And what happened was disgraceful and we can't ever let it happen again. You know we have a little expression it's right on that hat make america great. And we can do that make america great again and this guy is not going to do it this guy is destroyed our country. When you allow 1516.70 they have no idea what the goethe. Million people in coming out of jails coming out of mental institutions insane as. Do you say the salem's all over the world that mental institutions are at the lowest levels have been at it for years. Are they going to be totally empty. And you have tara is coming into our country we're going to be paying a big price. And we're going to solve the problem and we're going to. Relatively quickly but we have other problems too with energy with inflation. He's been a disaster as a present he's the worst president we've ever had the good news is he makes jimmy carter look brilliant by comparison so jimmy carter is the only one that's happy with this will look i think that's why a lot of people are so obsessed with you mr trump mr president. Well because you're already a billionaire right you you you you you are essentially serving these people and you don't have to be doing it the president being the president seems like a very hard job you were at three meetings just before this. But i guess i'm asking like the desire to run and attempt to improve your country for these things you're saying. It comes from what is just the love of the country when you look at the people when you look at the crowds i did. O'reilly in new jersey we had 107,000 people that you saw that last. We did one of the bronx we had 25,000 people. And this was in the south bronx which is known as a rough area. And it was like a love fest and there was not even. Nobody even raised a voice of dissent in the whole place it was like a big love fest nobody could believe it you saw that 34 weeks ago. This tremendous our country has tremendous potential. But it's going down the tubes very very rapidly nobody has ever seen anything like it the way it's being. So. And we can change it we can change it quickly we have a debate coming up that'll be interesting june 27th hosted by. One of your favorite television networks cnn will they give me the option they said. Would you do it and they didn't want to do it he didn't want to do it so they gave me everything. Play fake. Lots of other people that were going to you know were involved on cnn. They wanted it to be seated which i didn't like i said we should stand and i think we won that point. I would have agreed to whatever i had to go to because they didn't want to do. They thought that i wouldn't do it because it's cnn but i've done plenty of cnn i did a town hall. Not so long ago with cnn that worked out well. But i think they'll be fair i think they're going to try and be fair i mean as far as they can. But i think it's important for there to be a debate. They said you wanted to make yep. You don't even have to tell me then they said cnn they. The different people that are involved but let's see what happens i used to get along with jake tapper we'll see what happens but it doesn't matter whatever it is it is that sentiment that cnn might be fair to you is a bit of a departure ok google 10% chance do you think that you're starting to come around or soften your views on some of the networks that you may have not gotten along with in the. No they're fake news 7 news. What are the good terms right. But no i don't think so i thought maybe you know i had one. Kaitlyn collins. About 45 months ago it was one of the highest rated shows they've ever had. And i really thought they were going to go maybe. In the middle. But i was wrong about as i'm getting on and i'm hearing the way i'm being announced i said hey these people are playing hard. They're making a big mistake but. But the ratings for this debate i guess will be quite. Quite good. Are you surprised by his decision to to face to face with you. You mean the fact that they're willing to do it that a little bit they didn't want to do they thought i turned cnn down look cnn is the. And i thought i was going to turn cnn and tapper is. One of the guys. When i'm making a speech so they're waiting for the nomination for months and months i got it in the quickest fashion nobody's ever gotten a nomination so quickly. And i'm making my nomination speech and they refuse to put it they're covering it for months and months now i'm actually making my speech i mean this is the big night i won the nomination and they refused to put it on these are people that don't like. But it's okay because i think it's important to have a. Or a number of debates. The fact that you are so vocal as well especially on social media i think works in your favor and personally i like that you come with receipts. Do you ever fight your. But i was willing to step in for mike tyson when tyson got sick and had to postpone his fight and and we actually like ran it up the chain in netflix to. Netflix for a big old bag. But nobody really figured out maybe who is better. Against somebody from a squad you may know is the help from the milk. When you said you had a you had it out with him an actual street fight but but a friendly one or an unfriendly one i was pretty unfriendly i was there. They really are they did dana white who's fantastic. He said would you do the nail place i didn't know who they were. I did it and they have a tremendous audience which you can tell us right away i did dr phil the other day so we love to know what we're talking about. How do you think mr president i think you probably did pretty good i've watched enough for you it was off camera you know it was cool it was like a dual like a good old fashioned just boys being boys will cameras it was a real deal. The real deal and no rules was he. Mr. Probably. I've been like. But i've had a lot of fun i'll tell you we. A great time over the years i've been very much involved with mike tyson mike is a great. My son. Beautiful boy. Next. You can get cash back from them. Upside upside is an incredible app for anyone who buys gas groceries or dies out with upside you get cash back on every single purchase upside is my secret weapon for staying on track with my savings goals. To get started download the upside app it's free also use my promo code impulsive for 25 cents back on every single gallon on your first tank of gas next claim an offer for whatever you're buying on upside pay as usual however you would with a credit or debit card follow the steps in the app and get paid in comparison to credit card rewards or loyalty programs you can get three times more cash back with upside hey plus upside doesn't sell your personal information to third parties what they know that your information is a vital part of their trusted relationship with you. Upside users are earning hundreds of dollars a year that's probably why they have a 4.8 rating on the app store so look download the free upside app use the code impulsive don't forget the a and impulsive to get 25 cents back on every single gallon in your first tank of gas thank you upside back to the shows mobile devices that we always see you at the ufc fights yeah so you're obviously a fight fan. I like it i really enjoyed it i think dana white is one of a kind and he's been generous to me he's made a great statement about me the other day i saw that it was a nice state football. Well i did and and right. I think you know the expression everybody's replace. I'm not sure anybody could do the job he does is unbelievable he gets. And his father died. And he just said that's it for me and you know his father was great at what he. And probably he never lost even around i think. 29 i know they say he never lost. And i thought he was great. Got to speak he was just about my favorite guy. And really talented the strickland was fantastic the other night i thought he was. There was a very clear like shift in the perception of you do you feel like you feel that now more than ever. I don't know you know i've done it in vegas miami i do it with them with dana then it wants me to do that. And i do it and we it is an eruption he said like he's never heard before they actually stopped the fight one of the fighters. These guys are really going. And there is crazy. They probably thought bad things were happening to the arena but now it's been it's been great and he is just you know somebody you have to really respect i imagine you guys. He gets these. From all over the world and they are you know some really talented people. And i have respect for fathers you know when you can take. 200 shots to the face and then look forward to the second round it's interesting a lot of wrestlers want to be they want to do the. Ufc. But they can't take the shots cuz you know the wrestlers i was. I've been with a lot of them and because at the white house we. The the national champion wrestlers and tennis players in sort of everything. But you're speaking to the. Some of them did somebody named bo nickal who i think is going to be great he's a fighter he was a all-american i think probably four years i'm not even sure everything went to penn. Andy's phenomenal as a fighter and you'll be watching him but but he doesn't mind if he gets said he doesn't mind some people don't want that. Speaking of conflict and fighting since you left the office the number of global conflicts has skyrocketed talk to you about it quickly when you spoke with. I think 2 weeks ago about president biden authorized the use of american weapons in russia which is now led to a fleet of russian warships coming towards cuba this week what is your what are your thoughts and concerns around our current handling of our relationship with russia. The russian. On ukraine would have never. If i were president would have never happened it would just a shame all so many dead people you look at just the soldiers it's a half a million soldiers between. The both. But so many dead people so many. Towns and villages and buildings and all i mean magnificent culture just. Wiped out yokai over there sounds good facebook. It's a shame because it never would have happened and it didn't happen during my 4 years it didn't happen it wouldn't have happened i got along very well with putin i got along with zelle. But it wouldn't have happened. In october 7th. Never happened and. Inflation would have never happened and the withdrawal the kind of withdrawals we were getting out of afghanistan with dignity and strength. To get out the way i think it was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country and i actually think that the way afghanistan. I think that when putin looked at that he said wow let's go in and you know who else looked at it president xi of china. And he's looking he is looking at taiwan and he's drooling. He's drooling over taiwan and so something could happen. At we lost a lot of respect they're laughing at us all over the world and that wasn't happening for years ago and with you back in office you think we'll get that respect back what's your relationship like with vladimir putin i think very good but i was tough with him you know i ended the pipeline. It's called nordstrom to nobody ever heard of nordstrom till i got in. And it was the biggest project ever done in russia i mean you know this was a pipeline that was going to. Supply oil and gas to all over europe all over europe germany in particular. And i said what are you doing why are you doing this to germany i said we're defending you under nato and you're going to you're paying billions of dollars a month. Russia i mean we're defending you and you're giving the people we're defending you from were giving you. The defence but you're giving them money at massive. Probably the biggest project you know most important one of the most important projects i've ever done i ended it it was dead it was gone and then this guy comes in and he approves it but he kills. You know the keystone xl. So it's it's sad but. What's the biggest thing you ended it you ended the. They will see you and i are friendly but i'd hate to see you as an en. But this is the biggest you know this was massive amounts of money and everything good relationship that's a good thing not a bad thing and i'm. Tell people know it's a good. They. I would give you the exact number but they gave a lot just under $2,000 nuclear weapons and we do also. Can you have nuclear weapons and even if you don't have nuclear weapons getting along is good but be the tough one be the smart one get along is good i tell the press all the time no the fact that i get along with kim jong-un north korea president xi it's all good stuff getting along but. Nobody ever took money out of china like i took hundreds of billions of dollars out in the form of tariffs and taxes no other president took it not 10. And you know china. Built in military because of the united states to the united states was giving them hundreds of billions of dollars a year. Excess flow nobody's ever seen anything like. But we took out hundreds of billions of dollars from. Until covid that was sort of that was a breaking point but. No but he was the guy that i respected like he liked me and i liked him that's a good thing not a bad thing you know the press says oh isn't it you say yeah he's a leader he's a smart guy they say a smart. They. Trump said he was smart. 1.4 billion people that says it's a little bit on the smart. But i got along with him i got along with kim jong-un that would have been a nuclear war. Hillary clinton had gotten in office we would be in a we would have been in a nuclear war with north korea he was ready for. Was with him nobody else could. All of a sudden the the damn broke. We started talking a little bit we got together as you know. Get along very well. We were no danger from them and we were. In serious danger before i got that you know what i'm telling you you would have had a nuclear war of hillary clinton got in that's i'm so curious of what this conversation with really powerful world leaders looks like behind closed doors like is it is it candid or do exercise grace or you talk like boys like orange. When you're talking to people when you're doing interviews with people when you're fighting people they're all different you know you find them a different way you talk to him a different way. But everyone's. But i had very good relationships with everyone the funny thing is i got along with the tough ones much better than i got along with the weak ones you had some real weak ones too i didn't get along with them as well that's. What's my personality. And he's the prime minister of hungary. He said that the reason the world is blowing up because trump isn't president when trump was there everybody respected trump he said was afraid of trump i don't want to use that. Cuz they respected me. He said everyone. Listen to trump they were afraid of trump they couldn't figure trump out and they will listen and they did listen. And we had no wars we had no nothing i defeated is. Get rid. Biggest terrorist ever maybe just about ever. But we defeated think of that we knocked out isis 100% of the isis. Started no wars i wasn't in any wars i don't know how you may feel about that because. Do you know you're a warrior right cuz all fighters and you're a real fighter by the way it's not good it's not good i don't shy away from conflict my fiance has a problem with it it's not good yeah you do you're much more diplomatic than i probably would be you know it's very interesting though so. Came up to me after the fight the other. And you know you guys would probably say he's the best ever maybe and you know certainly he probably is and are very close right jon jones a lot of people say and you know. Add acetamin oh i hope you can get in because we have to stop the wars we have to stop the killing the killing he was so smart he understood. And i think. Friends or was friends but i think he is friends with putin very much you but he said we have to stop the killing and it's. And i think i'd have that war stopped if i was president. Right after the election if i win i will get that war stopped i'll get it stopped fast before i get to office if it's not stopped before then talking about russia ukraine i'm talking about rushing ukraine i'll get it i'll get it stopped on the so many people have been killed far more people are being killed. And i thought it was great when khabib came up and he says we've got to stop all of the killing in the world he's a very smart guy very interesting guy we talked for a while. On the flip side or on the other side of the the continent the gaza situation is very big news over the past year or so you've always the united states has always been you're always a staunch ally of is. Has your sentiment on netanyahu on his regime change it all in light of any of the events of the past 6 months it was a shame that. It should have never happened it would have never happened iran was broke when i was president nobody was allowed to buy oil nobody was allowed to buy anything they were. A democrat. Congressman on defense the nation the show to face the nation ladies and gentlemen it's the face the nation yes commonly known as face the nation but i don't call it that i think i have a i have a name for everything i'll end up with the name for you guys by the time i can't wait to hear but so he was on the show and he said whether you like trump or not iran was. And now they have 250 billion we would have had a deal done in what literally. In one week after the election. And it was ready they were absolutely and they had no money for. Hamas they had no money for hezbo. They were broke stone cold broke now they have 250 billion biden took off all of the sanctions he took her he let them go china went to town i told china if you. Buy one barrel of oil from these people. You're not doing any business with the united states they took a pass no. And other countries likewise. And we would have had a deal would have been a great deal for everybody we would have a deal. They have 250 billion dollars they made it. 3 years 3 1/2 years they made it all during the. I mean he gave me 6 billion dollars for five hosts right you saw that recently a couple of months. 6 billion for 5 o. He made the sw. Prince of tara they call him he's the best arms dealer ever they say who knows what that means but. He was a great arms here for the basketball player that wouldn't stand up during the national anthem she thought that was a good time to tire sn. That was not exactly the greatest trade but he gave 6 billion dollars on top of every 6 billion billion with. They don't know what to do and when you do that you know when you start paying that kind of money a lot of other people are going to be. Missing all of a sudden they going to be missing and hey let's make a trade and that's already happening. You just can't do that i got 58 people out we never paid any. 58 people 58 hostages we never paid money cuz once you pay money you're going to be doing a lot in other words you're going to keep doing it. It is a million dollar treasure hunt so after you buy your bottle and you open it there's a code under the. You scan the qr code on the side you enter the code on the cap on the website we made a custom app a custom portal that has access to a treasure map that leads to a million-dollar cash prize it's a global treasure hunt it's huge it's a big deal there's 12 map pieces excuse me you collect all of them. And you could get access to a million dollars also if you don't collect all 12 map pieces you can start collecting points. Each bottle gives you points the points are redeemable for free merch prime airpods special prime bottles and other cool stuff so check it out primex now hitting your favorite retail. I want to ask for my new video. American independent radio. I've had a very. Top. Or your show. These events are doing fantastic what you've done is incredible yeah i'm very blessed and part of the reason that i believe i'm blessed is because of this country and and i think in a way. I'm kind of living like the modern day american. You know i had access to a phone and and could start my business and reach the entire world. On this. If you if you make it i. World champions to a draw right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we are we actually made this american prime special for this episode 1.2 billion last year year two i'm blessed to have even just be able to say that. But my question is for other young people in this country who are who are looking to get ahead. Cuz for a lot of them times are tough right now what would you say to them kids who want to pursue their own version of the american dream and and and and and try to achieve their wildest dreams and make it all come true i would say very simply honestly vote for trump. Because with biden you're never going to do it this country is going to. Vote for trump you know we're doing great with youth we're doing great with african-americans with hispanic americans through the roof both of those groups with women with men. And with young people were doing very well but i say vote for. If you don't have the right guy in the lead the country is not going to you know if the country doesn't do well. It's much harder to do even what you do okay even what you do. So that would be a simple message i really and i really mean it actually. The same opportunities he's had in america i've had as well my road has been a little bit rockier as we were talking about with my book the fifth vital i spent eight years addicted to heroin living on the east coast in what i considered you know i think a lot of people considered so you are addicted correct i think a lot of people considered to be the greatest showman soundtrack. There's so many people out there on the streets right now without access to resources with mental health for mental health health care rehabilitation centers what's your plan to continue to stem the flow of fentanyl into the country as well as help the people who have already fallen victim to the opiate epidemic so when i took over you know it was drug-infested when i ran in 2016 i ran on the. And i fixed the border and i couldn't even use it in 2020 and the campaign even though i got millions of more votes than i got the first. I couldn't talk about the water because i fixed it and i'd say to my people i want to talk about the bord. I was proud of the job we did we had it fixed it was really in good. In drugs with the lowest point in years and you know not only people drugs human trafficking which is such a horrible thing it's you think of it as like an ancient kind of a crime and. It's bigger now than ever before because of the internet you know the internet has made a lot of these things much bigger than. Have you ever been when you think of human trafficking and mostly in women by the way most people don't know that mostly in women. Will they put them in trunks of cars they have compartments it's so horrible. And i had it down to a real to the lowest level. Just about i guess in record. Recorded times. What you have to do is you have to be very tough on that we had a deal on the fentanyl is pouring through. I bought millions of dollars worth of equipment believe it or not they call it sniffing equipment. Believe it. The best thing to find it you can spend millions of dollars on equipment and machinery to find drugs coming through like. The best thing is a german shepherd born in a dog do you know that they're unbelievable it's been 2 and 1/2 million dollars for machinery. And the dog is is much better we literally bred those dogs it's just very specific type of german shepherd from a certain part. The world is it's the most incredible. We work very very hard on that i was with president xi it comes from china and it comes in through the southern so mexico's if i come through the southern. And i told you we got along great you know the the covid was step too far as far as i was concerned but we got along. And i said do you have a drug problem he said no they give the death penalty in china if you sell. I said i'd like you to give the death penalty to people that are making fentanyl and sending it over to our country. And he was going to do that. And then we had the election. And of course biden never picked up that conversation i told them about. But he was going to give the death battle if he did that you would have had. Literally stopped almost. But we have to be very very strong at the border this is really this is a plague. And you know the numbers they did say 70,080,000 i think it's probably $250 or $300,000 this is like a war is rarely a war i mean how many wars are we losing 300,000 people a. And everybody knows a family i know. Many families. Did children die. Got a little bit of fentanyl they say you can take. The head of. And you just put a piece on it and that's enough to kill like 10 people. It is a really. Horrible thing and i would have had china. Giving the maximum penalty they would not have been sending it and i had to deal with that with president xi but of course biden didn't follow up just like he didn't follow up on the abraham accords which would have been a great thing to do so we have to be very tough on the bord. And that includes a drugs as well as people. As well as well as people not coming in from jails and prisons and you know mental institutions which is. Which is happening now. Levels that nobody's ever seen before it's crazy how can it be. It's so bad and i guess. They're either stupid which they're not they hate our country or they want to get these people for. A lot of people think. That's the thing is they want to get. But the destruction the damage that biden's. Do our country by having. 1617 million people already in you know it's much more than they. It's probably 17 it could be even higher than then in our country. And these are not people that are going to make america great again these are people that. A lot of issues. And we're going to have a lot of issues as long as they're. And we're going to get him out we have to get. Which is now. 8 minutes is that okay. Yeah let him go a little bit longer okay. I don't have that problem but well first of all he would never he couldn't do this interview. Will you ask them questions like this know we were talking about that we were like we would like to extend the invite to joe biden if you'd like to come on this podcast less than 1%. Al. I want to talk to you by aliens ufos uaps be disclosure we've seen in congress recently it's it's it's it's it's it's confusing and upsetting a lot of americans cuz something's going there's something. Unidentified aerial phenomena in the sky we don't know what they are. So it's such a a question i do get a lot and it's such an interesting. I've met with pilots that look just like you actually okay they have more of a. Okay they they look like him and they look like you some of them look like you a little fatter but he's a perfect people and. Increase conspiratorial. And they tell me stories that they've seen things. You wouldn't believe these are not people that you would say gee oh that's okay i said who is it that's joe biden wanting to do anything so. I met with pilots like beautiful tom cruise but taller okay handsome perfect people. Sure there was something there that. Round and form and going like four times faster than my super jet fighter. I look at these. And they really mean it. Am i a believer no i probably i can't say. But i have met with people that are serious. That say there's some really strange things that they see flying around out there and then if you go to nevada. And you look at that little section. Will they go to look at the aliens where they think all the aliens are landing that you know it's one of i think. Maybe the number one tourist attraction in the united states. I think it's the number. Is the lines of people. You have no idea how many times i asked that question but don't you have access to that information i have access but and i speak to people about it i've had actually meetings on. And they will tell you that something. Going on when they say things. Things are going four times faster than my beautiful top of the line airplane that goes. Is that a very smart and very solid have said. They. There is something out there and you know it makes sense that there could be. I've never been convinced even despite that you know. For some reason it's not. But a lot of people believe that it's a lot of very good solid people believe. Another illegal aliens out there but those are the ones that come through the border we have plenty of that those are the ones i know when you say aliens i say are they illegal. Is there a. That one of these or. Is potentially. Information from you by. It's you have the deep state and you do have a deep. And certainly they could but i don't think on this subject i was interested in it because i've been asked so many times. And i talk to people that have said that they you know it was a. And it's very believable it's it's very possible. All of the different planets and you see this you know look who we are. One relatively small. Why wouldn't there be on a planet. You know 400 times the size why wouldn't there be some something something. The thought of it freaks me out you know if it's it's weird to think that we potentially are only the source of life and like an infinite ever-expanding universe but but you know technology to take you in a fight no chance of me and my brother. The ship that went up the. And i never saw this before i saw this is you know like 2 years ago i see the motors coming down the engines coming down. What is going on. And nobody ever saw that before. That if you didn't have him you probably wouldn't be seeing it. We want to be able to reuse the entrance. They don't have wings they don't have anything at the landing on a platform in the middle of the ocean i said how cool is that i thought i saw it all but that was. He's a spectacular guy well i mean between. Paypal neuralink starlink tesla spacex. Recent development in technology that is. Alarming but also cool. Is artificial intelligence ai. I think it's going to be eventually to a point where we're not able to tell what's real and what's fake the era of truth i believe is probably slowly unfortunately coming to. What do you think the government's. Enabling protecting or governing ai should be in general should this superpower become what we believe it probably will be well it is a superpower. Do you want to be right at the beginning of it but it is a very disconcerting i said you know you use the word alarming it is alarm. I saw a picture of me promoting a product. And i could not tell the voice was perfect the lips moved perfectly with every word. You couldn't if you were a lip reading and say it's absolutely perfect. And that's. In particular. In one way if you're the president of the united states. Can you announce that 13 miss those have been sent to let's not use the name of a country. We have just sent 13 nuclear missiles heading to somewhere. And they will hit their targets in 12 minutes and 59 seconds. And you're that country. And there's no way of you know i asked. Is there any way that. Like russia or china can say that that's not really president trump. He said there is no way they'd have to rely on secondary first alert know they have to rely on a. Dad if you don't have a certain guy who the hell is going to check you got like 12 minutes and let's check the code gee how's everything doing. So what do they do when they see this right they have a maybe a counter. It's so dangerous in that way okay. In another way it's so incredible that what they do is so incredible i've seen it i just got back from san francisco. I met with incredible people in san francisco. We talked about this this subject is hot on their place you know the super geniuses. And they gave us they gave me 12 million for the campaign which you know 4 years ago they probably wouldn't have we had thousands of people on the streets you saw it it just happened this last weekend. I met with incredible people actually. And this is the this is what everyone's talking about with all of the technology these are the real technology people. You're talking about. And they showed me things but i've seen things that are so you wouldn't even think it's possible. In terms of copy. Now to a lesser. They can make a commercial i saw this they made a commercial with me promoting a product and it wasn't me and i said. Did i make that commercial did i forget that i made that commercial. It is so unbelievable. So it brings with a difficulty but. We have to be at the 4th it's going to happen. And if it's going to happen we have to take the lead over china china is the primary. Threat in terms of that. And you know. What they need more than anything else is electricity. They have to have electricity massive amounts of electricity i don't know if you know that in order to do. Essentially it's. And the electricity needs are greater than anything we've ever needed before to do a. At the highest level. And china will produce it because they'll do whatever you have to do whereas we have environmental impact people and you know we have a lot of people trying to hold. Massive amounts of electricity are needed in order to do. And we're going to have to generate a whole different level of energy. And we can do it and i think we should do it. But we have to be very careful with it we have to watch it. But it's. You know the words you use were exactly right it's the worst a lot of smart people are using. You know there are those people that say it takes over it takes over the human. It's really powerful stuff ai so let's see how it all works out but i think as long as it's there and that's it and that's his name. What day what it does. I had a speech rewritten by ai. What are the top. He said oh you're going to make a speech yeah he goes click click. 15 seconds later he shows me my. So beautifully i said i'm going to use the sucker i'm going to i've never seen anything like it would you say to your speech writer after. You're fired. You're fired vince's no no this is so crazy it. And. Unbelievable. It's it's and so fast. You. I'm writing a speech. About these two. Beautiful men that are great fighters. Instead of grated a lot of things. And tell me about them and say some nice things and. And then it comes out. Logan in particular is a great champion. These wonderful speech writers i've never seen anything like it and so quickly a matter of literally minutes it's it's done. It's a little bit scary why as you. What's the elvis. I did get the the wrap it up because i i do believe your team and. I want to shoot a tick tock with you we have a lot of views i don't know how many but it was a lot we did it we did it with dana and we were sort of getting ready to walk into the arena. And it was a lot of crowd and there wasn't there wasn't a negative voice in the whole house it was pretty amazing let's do it again i want to respect the time i'd like. 120 million views on the way but thank you for joining us on impulsive mr president it's an honor to be with you good luck with your book over incredible job you did. Get out of it alright if you're ever born on a plane to tuscaloosa or something you want to give it to be reading it i think it's such an important step one of the most important subjects actually it's great that you did for watching this episode. Good job. Are they going to get big ratings in the show is cox internet radio pandora. 