One of the things that our viewers know about us we work with a tens of thousands of small business people. 54% of the gross domestic product is. Businesses 500 people or less almost everyone in america have over half almost 60% of people work for a. Business. If we don't give them a level playing field they will die. They came in and they came in at 11 like nobody's ever seen and we did nothing about it so the word tariff to me is a very beautiful word because it can it can save our country truly and yet i think because of graft because of a lot of consulting payments and other things that given by other countries. We have so much fighting with politicians on using it. I saved our steel industries by putting tariffs on steel the china came in and dumped and you know what they do they dump and dump and dump everybody goes out of business and they buy those businesses very cheap and then they raise the prices to higher than they ever. That's one of the many benefits that they have if they want to do it. But by putting tariffs on as an example in the furniture business in in north carolina. It was so vibrant and they stole our business. And they charged us if you wanted to build a furniture place if you want to sell your furniture in china they won't take. But if you want to build a plant in china to make furniture in china using their labor. They open it we're doing the same thing. But a lot of people like oh well we don't want to have. The country was at the richest point in its history in the 1890s it was all tariffs if you looked at william mckinley as an example he was a big pair of president they had committees that were put in charge of what to do with the money we were taking in so much money. And mckinley would say why should we let other people come in and steal our factories and steal our workers. Can steal our jobs. And why shouldn't we benefit and he. The other. And we made so much and then they went to the income tax system later on but they would actually have that had a blue ribbon committee. Our country was so rich. They didn't know what to do with the money. And this blue ribbon committee was. To determine how can we spend all of this money and they took it in through tariffs but we can turn on a country around make it strong and then guard it with tariffs download the ramsey network app for more content that keeps you motivated. 